unique_id|created_utc|title|body|author|nsfw|url|score|upvote_ratio|total_awards|comment_count|text_only|subreddit
eku5g3|2020-01-06 13:28:56|"Enough with Wife's ""Good"" Ideas"|"My wife (30F) is basically the good idea fairy. She always tries to change things I (31M) like out for healthier, ""natural"" options a.k.a. inferior products that use useless buzzwords to sucker people into spending more money. It's 2020. GMOs aren't bad. ""Chemicals"" aren't scary.

Example: Today she was shopping at Target and asked if I wanted anything. I needed deodorant so I asked her to get my usual Old Spice that is extra strength antiperspirant. It smells good. It works. I get a phone call from her on the way home that she got me some natural deodorant instead. But it's okay, she read up on it and it's supposed to be great. It might take up to a week to get used to and be effective. Also, not an antiperspirant which kinda rough since I sweat a lot.

This is just typical of what she does. And when I toss it in the trash within the next week because it sucks and doesn't work, she's going to get all pissy at me even though it's her dumb idea in the first place.

So how do I tell her enough is enough with these dumb ideas? (Which of course I will not call dumb to her face)

tl;dr Wife constantly has terrible ""good"" ideas and I need her to stop it.

Edit #1: Let me address some of the people who don't read the entire thing or just want to attack me because they just love to assume the worst of everyone.

I communicate very well (Normally. I AM human and screw up sometimes.) and she is well aware I'm particular about most things in life.

We shop together. She doesn't do all the shopping. It's basically 50:50 in our household. But sometimes when one of us run errands, we do the other person and pick up something we know the other person needs.

I don't think she's dumb. I don't talk down to her. I think she's smarter than most people. I am happy with her wanting to be environmentally friendly. She has made me more aware and I appreciate it. She teaches me plenty of stuff. I just think she sometimes goes overboard and thinks everything ""green"" is good.

Aluminum doesn't cause cancer. GMOs aren't bad."|TheBeagleMan|False|https://redd.it/eku5g3|1367|0.92|0|447|1|relationships
ekympx|2020-01-06 19:09:56|Walked in on my (f24) landlord (m50's) pooping the house I live in|"EDIT: Pooping \*IN\* the house I live in. Words are hard.

TL;DR Walked in on my landlord taking a poo in my house with the door open. Am I being over dramatic by wanting to move out ASAP?

Sigh. I've been living in my coworker's husband's house for a year now. He works in the basement but lives in my coworker's house (his wife) nearby. He used to only be around from 9-5 while I was at work, no problem. Lately he's around A LOT more than he used to be. Mon-Sun, he'll be there 8AM to almost 11PM. I took a walk yesterday and came back and there he was, taking a shit with the door wide open. To top it off all he says is: ""Surprise!"" Things are obviously going to be awkward and I'm uncomfortable, is it too dramatic to move out over this? Do I tell his wife? Quite the shitty situation. He's doing me a favor by letting me live there a little cheaper than most places lease-free, but not too much cheaper."|frankinbeen|False|https://redd.it/ekympx|156|0.98|0|31|1|relationships
eks83d|2020-01-06 10:15:47|My (22m) girlfriend (24f) cries at the thought of applying to jobs.|"TLDR: Girlfriend of 5 years completely freezes up and cries whenever I even mention the topic of her finding a full-time job so we can build a future together. What can I do to help her get over this fear?


Hello Reddit,


I (22m) love my girlfriend (24f) very much, and I want to make her my wife. We have been together for about 5 years and want to own a home and eventually have kids. However, I don't think we can achieve that based on my income alone. I told her that she should work a full-time job for at least a few years so we can get our feet off the ground. After that, I'm perfectly fine with her quitting and being a full-time mother instead, but she won't even bring herself to apply to anything.


When I try to talk to her about finding a full-time job, she bursts into tears (this has happened on three occasions) and completely shuts down and doesn't respond. She even started crying during dinner with my parents when my dad very casually asked her how her job search is going.


She has a computer science degree from a good school but says she doesn't want to code for a living, so I guess that won't be used at all. Instead, she works a minimum-wage, part-time job because a family friend let her work at his dentist office as a bookkeeper.


The biggest problem, she says, is that she gets anxious about having to interview and interact with people.


She doesn't have many friends or hobbies either. This extreme dependence on me is stressful, but I can't see myself being without her because she is genuinely an amazing person and is so compatible with me.


What can I do to help her get over her fear and find any kind of full-time job in an area with a high cost of living (California)?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Edit: Thank you for the comments. I will have a conversation with her soon. I'll try my best to make this work, but thank you for making me realize I have to draw a line somewhere. For now, here is some more information on our circumstances:

* We both currently live with our parents, but I rent an apartment near my school about 400 miles away. 

* I am in my last semester of university and will be working as a programmer after graduation. I was hoping the relatively high salary would be enough to accommodate us both but I have some doubts now after reading some of the comments.

* We are not engaged, but we aimed to be married and starting a family by our early 30s. Until then, we planned to live together in the Bay Area once I/we start working.

* This job search is the only area where we have any problems. Other than that, she seems to have the normal amount of anxiety that we all face when meeting new people (being a bit shy, afraid of being seen as awkward, etc)."|pleasegetajobgf|False|https://redd.it/eks83d|244|0.93|0|138|1|relationships
ekzoni|2020-01-06 20:22:08|My wife (38F) confessed she cheated on me (38M) with one of my closest friends (43M). I feel lost.|" **tl;dr** :  Working hard to save our marriage, then wife fucks my best friend and bonds emotionally with him 

Wife  and I have been married for 13 years, have two daughters (10 and 7) and  have been together for 19 years. Like many ""old couples"" our marriage was slowly going adrift but I though we were still a strong couple with good  communication (we had been to a couple conselor to address our issues).

After her confession I feel like I have been betrayed twice. It all started  under my roof,  during my birthday party, when they apparently hid to kiss.  Then they DATED for the last month.  In the meantime, I spent quality  time with my wife and this exact same friend, held big holiday parties  with them (you might want to know that I do not live in my native  country so my circle of friends is like my chosen family).  I am so  pissed.

I can't help but thinking I  am responsible for that, by neglecting my wife? I am an hyperactive  workoholic (university professor, I also co-own a small company and  sometimes take contracts as an actor/model). Wife and I  (+ counselor)  had agreed that we should spend more time together as a couple.  Recently, (please don't judge us!!) my wife also suggested that we try  opening ourselves to other stuff... like fucking a stranger, to spice up  our ""almost dead"" couple and wake up our inner pulsions. I agreed  (never would I have thought she would be open to something like that,  being jealous as hell when I am not home) , but now I understand that she was already  seeing the guy, and that he might not be just a ""fuck friend"", because  she is probably involved emotionally with him, from what I understood.  But at the same time, she confessed me all, because she feels lost.

So  guys and gals, help me out. Should I give up on her (them - this guy is figuratively dead to me) ? Should I  forgive and go forward to save my family (and pretend that it is just  one of the extra-adventures that we allowed ourselves to have) ? Should I  just wait and see ?"|Dumped_Husband|False|https://redd.it/ekzoni|21|0.82|0|34|1|relationships
ekx3bq|2020-01-06 17:19:43|My roommate who is also my landlord and good friend has moved his girlfriend into our apartment rent-free, do I have the right to complain?|"A good friend of mine bought a small 2-bedroom apartment recently, and wanted to rent the room out to someone he trusts. I offered to move in, and have been here since June.

Things were going very well, then about 2 months later he told me his girlfriend will be staying for a few weeks. This is apparently because she had to leave her previous place and would stay with us until she found a new place.

It's been 5 months since his girlfriend moved in. She's not showing any sign that she'll be going anywhere, and they both seem pretty happy about this situation.

I'm starting to get frustrated at this. Firstly because myself and his girlfriend have a very awkward relationship, we don't really talk to each other. This would be fine but she hangs around the apartment basically all day every day (She is totally financially supported by her parents back in China), and I work from home. This means we basically hang around the living area 8-9 hours a day together without talking, and it kind of defeats the purpose of working from home for me since the atmosphere is quite tense and uncomfortable.

Secondly there's the usual stuff of my roommate being untruthful with me about our living situation, and a third person living in our small place puts a strain on our shared space and appliances/utilities.

Thirdly I'm just a bit salty that she isn't paying any rent to live here.

I'm wondering whether I've got a legitimate right to complain about this to my roommate, or I just need to accept it or move out. After all he does own the place -- he has the final say about who lives here. I also don't want to give him an ultimatum like ""It's me or her"" since that would probably just mess up our friendship.

What would you guys do in this situation?

**tl;dr**: Roommate/landlord/friend moved in girlfriend without consulting me, who pays no rent and hangs around the place all day while I work from home. Also takes up storage space and bathroom/cooking time. Would I be in the wrong to complain about this?"|Wodkasterben|False|https://redd.it/ekx3bq|36|0.9|0|55|1|relationships
ektk5h|2020-01-06 12:32:33|Boyfriend has to wake up earlier for work, demands that I follow same schedule|"My (27f) partner (27m) and I have had different work schedules for a while and it's starting to not work out. We've been together for 6 years and it has varied over time, but for a year now he's had to get up earlier than me and I feel like that's starting to cause some resentment/ tension between us. We're both very much night owls to begin with.

His is a more standard schedule, 9.30 to around 6pm, and mine is more freelance- if I don't have a specific project/ meeting that requires me to be up early, I can go at my own pace. That usually means I can get up a couple of hours later. 

The problem is that that tends to spiral into annoyance/ blame towards me in different areas of the relationship and I'm not even sure anymore if the sleep schedule is the reason behind it all or just a trigger for something that was there anyways. It will range from where we currently live, which is not his favourite, to house chores, even if I actually think I do the bigger part of them, to outright deciding that I don't do anything at work and am just chilling around all day. 

Given that he does have the less flexible schedule, I don't mind dealing with almost anything around the house that requires specific times (e.g. repairs) and try to take up more than half of the everyday house chores (dishes, laundry etc). Still, if I'm not also cleaning up when he's home and has decided to clean something he'll get annoyed at me and the whole evening/ day will go downhill from there. 

I've tried suggesting going to bed earlier and following a stricter schedule, but both of us are pretty bad at keeping it up. Apart from that I feel it's unfair of him to demand we get up together when that will have no purpose for me and will just mean we both sleep less. It won't even mean more time spent together as he tends to just get ready and get out of the door. I think that even if that ended up meaning getting a couple of extra hours to do house chores per day, there would still be something that isn't perfect in the end. And the constant negativity is really the main thing I can't deal with...

So, am I being lazy- should I just grit my teeth, get up with him everyday and assume that will actually solve the problem? Is he being unreasonable with his demands or is it normal to feel wierd about having different schedules? Or are we really just talking about a bigger issue between the two of us?

TL;DR my boyfriend has to get up earlier for work and is demanding I follow his schedule, I don't have a reason to do that other than please him. Who should budge?"|marti4dr|False|https://redd.it/ektk5h|80|0.91|0|54|1|relationships
ektz8t|2020-01-06 13:12:23|Flatmate (f25) wants to host her friend (f25) for a couple of days. I have some conditions (f25)|"I want to start by saying that the city I live in Europe  is very expensive and accomodation is hard to get by.

I share an apartment with one girl, and it's size and location are great. 10 mins to the centre and 5 to work, which we're lucky. My flatmate is nice, we just started flatsharing 3 months ago and besides the usual pet peeve here and there, all runs smoothly and we get along fine. 

Recently before holidays her friend (Anna) at work left her flat for some unknown reason. My flatmate (Jane) asked me if she could stay over around 2 weeks in Jan and she'd contribute to expenses or some rent. I said sure, and I told Anna that for 2 weeks 300 euros would be ok. Mind you that average rent here is around 900, and she'd have the whole living room by herself and an inflatable mattress, so decent sleep. Also, we only have 1 bathroom and with 3 people it starts getting a bit cramped. 

Anna said that was too much, and she was looking to stay 1 month until finding a place and she would look into other options. I told her sure, and I thought the topic was over and she decided to book an airbnb or stay at someone else's. I'd like to add that airbnbs are super expensive and far from work, so she'd actually be saving money and time if she stayed with us. 

Today Jane asked me if Anna could stay overnight, I said sure if it was just for a night and she said it would be a couple if days, so I asked her how many exactly and remunded her that we'd have an agreement of a financial contribution if Anna wanted to stay. She hasn't replied yet, but I'm not happy she is springing this on me now, but it could be Anna just told her she doesn't have a place. 

Anna is overall a nice person, I have no issues with her, and honestly, it's not really about the money, it's just I don't like having strangers over for too long if they're not friends or people I know well. But I know how accommodation can drag in and having someone for free or too cheap doesn't feel that good either. We all work at the same company and have good salaries. The money could be used to cover the house insurance or the bills for a few months. 

I also don't want any issues since our contract is for a year, but I don't want to be taken advantage of. What should I do?  How do I navigate the situation? I'd be fine with lowering the 300 for 2 weeks to 250 or 200, but haven't touched that yet with Jane.

Also, a friend of mine had her friend stay over for a month once, and told me  it wasn't the best experience. Especially since she was only contributing for the cheap bills and her flatmate eats rightfully not pleased.

Tl;dr flatmates friend needs a place to stay for a while until she finds new housing. I told her ok if she contributes financially. She said it was too expensive, but seems she'd staying over any way because my flatmate offered her space. I'm not sure how to navigate this.

Edit: As it's not clear enough, 3-4 days is fine with me for free because that's the average time we have friends/family over. I'm asking in the case she wants to stay more, like 2 weeks."|Franemie|False|https://redd.it/ektz8t|65|0.92|0|48|1|relationships
ekr11j|2020-01-06 08:04:50|Father left my mother for my friend|"My father (50) left my mum (52) for an ex friend of mine (32).

In September I accused my dad of having an affair with a friend of mine, we both worked together, my father denied and denied but would not stop talking to her.
This accusation caused him to fire me from my job and kick me out of living with them.
He also turned my mother against me.
All of a sudden I lost everything.
2 months later, my mum had forgiven me and my dad wanted me to move back. In the background there was fighting between my parents as my dad still spoke to this girl and would disappear all the time.
I went on a ski trip to try to mend our relationship, he still spoke to this girl the whole time.
All I want is my dad back, he was that person that was like a close friend and was so supportive of his family, coming from a broken family himself.
During Christmas he played happy family hugged me and told me he was proud of me.
2 days later he left, told my mum he just wanted one more Christmas with the family.
Yesterday I found out he has moved in with this other women.
He left his whole family and doesn’t speak to me, my sister has panic attacks and my mother is devastated.
My sister worked at a restaurant and the facility my dad worked and has quit her job.
He has literally lost everything for this women.
And he doesn’t seem to care at all.

What can I do???

TL;DR: Father left for other women, family devastated."|Puchie08|False|https://redd.it/ekr11j|103|0.96|0|56|1|relationships
ekvgg6|2020-01-06 15:19:23|I (35F) received a screenshot and some texts from a girl last night (20sF) that my bf (28M) of almost 4 years has been flirting with her on snap. Confused about all of this.|"So almost a year ago my boyfriend told me he had deleted his Snapchat account.  He says he deleted the app, but never said if he had deleted his account or not.  But I know he doesn’t have the app on his phone anymore. (I’ve never had Snapchat, this is important to note, I’ll get to this in a minute)

So last night he was playing games with some friends online and I was taking a shower. I get out and have a message from a girl on fb messenger with a screenshot from Snapchat saying that my bf has been flirting with her on snap. It had a comment that appeared to be from him on the snap “not gonna lie I wish you would make that face to me” and her showing me that she was typing a message that said “you have a girlfriend I wonder how she would feel about that”. She said that he had been flirting with her for weeks and she wanted to let me know. She said it was the first screenshot she had but she had more. There were no dates or anything on it. But it upset me. I went and confronted him about it after I had asked her to send me more proof.  I had already looked at her on fb and she is from his hometown that he moved states away from over 4 years ago. They aren’t friends on fb that I can tell and he hasn’t liked anything of hers in several years. 

So I confronted him about it bc I was upset (still am!). He immediately pulled up his phone and showed me that he doesn’t have the app on his phone and reiterated how he had deleted it months ago. He goes through this whole thing about how now there’s always going to be doubt or me questioning him because of this but he hasn’t done anything wrong. He said that this girl is crazy and she has done this to him in the past but he hasn’t even seen this girl in several years. He showed me where he has previously blocked her on Facebook, etc. he told me to just block her and ignore her and that she is just trying to start high school drama. 

During all this she messaged me back saying that she doesn’t have any more screenshots and that she had sent him an explicit video before and he told her he loved it but he had changed their message settings to delete before she could take a screenshot.  But at first she said she had several screenshots and now she can’t send me anymore?  

I told her I have a hard time believing any of this unless she can provide more proof. She said she feels bad because he told her we were technically married but having problems. But then she “happened to be looking at his Facebook” and saw we were still listed as being in a relationship.  Uhhh, his profile pic is a pic of us and has been for well over a year. I am also plastered prominently on his page in a lot of things. If he was trying to hide me or our relationship he wouldn’t tag me in stuff almost daily. 

This isn’t the first time someone from his hometown has tried to start drama either. Earlier last year someone sent me a message tell me to get tested for herpes bc my bf has slept with a girl who had it before he moved. Uhhh so?  I just laughed at that and sent him back a meme about how ridiculous he was being. 

So the thing is, I’ve never had Snapchat and he says he deleted the app and deactivated his account. So after all this I go and create an account to see if I can find him. And I can. The avatar on there was the same as the one on the screenshot from this girl. So that’s concerning. I had asked him about that bc he said you can make nicknames for people on snap and put any name on there you want. And I said ok, but the avatar is a bitmoji and you’ve told me you use that in snap before.   So later last night he was messing around with his bitmoji and says that it was wearing an elf costume and that snap will update it with whatever the guy is wearing at the time. And I watched him mess with it for a while. Today I logged back into snap bc I wanted to see if he had deactivated his account after all of this and the bitmoji has changed now. So I don’t know if it updated itself when he changed it or if he went into snap and updated it himself.  I really wish I knew more about this but I have never used it. 

So now he’s mad at the situation and I’m mad at the situation and I can’t tell who is lying to me. 

Tl, dr: got a message from a girl that my boyfriend is cheating on me. Can’t tell who is telling the truth."|thisisnotmyreal12|False|https://redd.it/ekvgg6|25|0.83|0|25|1|relationships
ekxpbp|2020-01-06 18:04:06|I (24F) live with my best friend (24F) and her boyfriend (26M). He doesn't want me around|"&#x200B;

For context, this has been my best friend for several years. They have been dating less than a year. I changed my entire life to finally move in with my best friend - we were both really excited and had wanted to live together for years. But her BF is so dramatic, I don't know what to do. I moved in a couple months after they did (I was waiting for my old lease to expire). I had only met BF on one occasion before, as we did not live near each other. He thought my best friend and I were annoying together because we feed off of each other's energy and goof around a lot. I guess he blames me entirely for that ""annoying"" stuff. I also think he would prefer to live with just her, and gets annoyed at things that are very standard when you have a roommate (for example, me being in the common area a lot, or me having a lot of possessions in the apartment). However, he knowingly agreed to this living arrangement several months in advance, as we all did!!

He has serious communication issues and pretty much refuses to just talk calmly about anything. Any time the slightest disagreement arises, he gets crazy defensive over things that literally don't matter. It just happened last night and is why I chose to make this post. We were having a simple conversation, not even a debate. But once he got angry, BF accused her of ""always trying to prove him wrong"" and said that any time the three of us hang out together, she and I ""gang up on him"" to prove him wrong. It scares me to hear him say those things to her because it seems like he's trying to turn her against me when I've done nothing wrong. He has also told her that she and I make *him* feel like a third wheel. So, he doesn't particularly enjoy hanging out with me around.

However, he also gets huffy/moody and will give her semi-silent treatment when she and I spend time together without him. For example, last night I got home from a holiday trip and hadn't seen them in over a week. She and I hung out in my room for maybe an hour, chatting and catching up about the holiday. We then went to hang out in the common area, where he was playing a video game, and he pretty much refused to talk to her the rest of the night, til she went to bed with him.

I don't know how to handle it. He doesn't want her to hang out with me without him, but he also does not want to be around me ? I have a lot of anxiety regarding the whole thing. I truly have done nothing wrong and his behavior makes me feel sick. I wish I could just hang out with my friend in a peaceful environment. But he refuses to communicate calmly and gets defensive, argumentative, and creates a problem where there isn't one. I'm scared to talk to him at all because I feel he just makes everything a mess. What can I do? I truly am NOT in a position to move out and we are in this lease until August. I'm considering going the route where I just stay in my room all the time so I don't have to be around him.

TL;DR: Moved in with best friend and her BF. He finds me annoying/doesn't want to be around me. He gets argumentative and starts fights for no reason, and thinks my friend and I are always ganging up on him and trying to prove him wrong. I just want a peaceful living space with my friend. How do I handle this?"|l3av3m3al0n3|False|https://redd.it/ekxpbp|16|0.81|0|22|1|relationships
ekvxej|2020-01-06 15:55:29|My biological father (41 M) is trying to come back into my (24 F) life, should I let him?|"TL;DR: my biological father is trying to come back into my life, but I blame a lot of my childhood trauma on him and I’m not sure how or if I should let him back into my life. 

Back story:

My mother was 18 and he was 17 when I was born. He had 50/50 custody with my mom. The last time we were together, my mom came to get me and I was two years old, at his house, alone. Obviously as a mother she couldn’t continue to let me be in situations like that, so she cut off his custody. I didn’t see him again until I was 18. We met for coffee. He reached out to me via Facebook for the first time in my whole life. Everything that came out of his mouth I hated. He talked not so nicely about my grandparents, but I adore them because they stepped up to help raise me while my mom was young, working, and in college. I also didn’t take well to him being upset with my mom, I don’t blame her and I adore my mother also. She’s one of the most successful, stable single mothers I’ve ever met to this day. So after he said what he said, although he was begging for me to give him a chance, I couldn’t get over the anger I had and have had towards him since I was young. So, up until recently, I’ve ignored all messages since the coffee date. 
But my life growing up was hard. I had behavioral issues at a young age because I needed my dad. Or a dad. My step dad was abusive to my mother and I and never wanted me to be his own. My mother and step father have two kids, I was for sure the red headed step child and everyone knew it. I’ve always had so much anger towards my biological because I’ve always felt if I had a dad on my side, my step dad wouldn’t have gotten away with the things he did.
My biological married his long time girlfriend and raised her child... why couldn’t you get it together for me, but could for her daughter? It’s something I’ve always asked myself since she’s only a year younger than myself. These are things I just couldn’t get over at 18. And honestly, not sure if I could now either. 

Today: 

He writes me on Facebook once a week. He invites me to every holiday. His heart aches for how our relationship is and I know it. Mine does too, but I didn’t choose this and have had to live with the consequences of him leaving or not being mature enough to raise me, for 20 years. Do I let him back in and try or do I continue to live without him? Hoping someone else has gone through this & has some insight."|alehxuss|False|https://redd.it/ekvxej|23|0.92|0|21|1|relationships
el0bxi|2020-01-06 21:07:02|My (22f) husband (25m) has been telling me we have no money for anything|"So I just found out my husband has over $2100 invested in stocks when he is always saying we don’t have enough money for anything. How we don’t have a savings because our expenses are too high. I knew the money was going somewhere. I don’t know what to think about this. He says he’s made $300 but how am I supposed to be okay with him lying about us not being able to have savings when he spending it all on stocks? He literally skimps on heat, and we also have no living room furniture because he thinks that’s a waste of money. Mind you 8 months with nothing in the living room. Only in his man cave. 

Tl;dr husband says we don’t have money to do anything, find out he’s been investing what extra money we do have in stocks"|girdwoodslaps|False|https://redd.it/el0bxi|9|1.0|0|29|1|relationships
el07ge|2020-01-06 20:58:20|Boyfriend (27M) of four years told me (23F) that he thinks we are too different.|"This post will probably be long and somewhat confusing. My mind is all over the place. 

I asked my boyfriend of four years if he was ok last night and he said no. He basically told me that he has been waiting to breakup with me until I graduate college and until the holidays are over. 

He thinks that we are too different and that it won’t work out in the long run. 

I’m SO confused. He has been talking about marriage and kids with me. I thought he was going to propose soon. Why lead me on with those things, knowing you wanted to break up. We almost took out a home loan! His idea. Why would he do that with me if he didn’t want me?

I told him I didn’t have time to try and get involved in his interests before, because of school. I did start playing DND with him last summer. We had a blast. 

I try to do things he enjoys. It just doesn’t seem to be enough. I thought we were super happy. I think the holidays are hard for him. My family loves holidays and we’ve been doing stuff since October (going away stuff for my brother leaving for the navy). I think he’s overwhelmed and is taking it out on our relationship. 

I love him more than anything. We balance each other out in ways I never thought possible. He said he was trying and that’s why he was talking about marriage still. He said he wants to marry me and thinks I’ll be an amazing mom and wife. That really confused me. 

We agreed to see where things go in the next couple months. It is worth noting that we had a similar conversation a year and a half ago.  

I don’t know what to do, or how to think. I’m crushed. He says I’m perfect, we’re just different. If someone who thinks I’m wonderful can’t love me, who will? I just want him. 

I’m having trouble trusting him and don’t know how to move forward. Advice?


TL;DR Boyfriend of four years has been talking marriage and kids with me but said yesterday we are too different and he doesn’t know if it will work out."|spilkyway|False|https://redd.it/el07ge|6|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ekvwi0|2020-01-06 15:53:33|Recently discovered that most of my (21f) friends (20s m/f) have cheated. Feeling uneasy.|"I study abroad for university and recently came home from the holidays to see all my childhood friends. New Years rolls around and we had a huge party, in which I saw many of my friends who I knew were in relationships cheat (kissing and fucking). These were by and large people who's SOs weren't in town, but by no means were ""long-distance"". 

The thing is, none of them saw it as a big thing. One even encouraged me to (my bf is back where I study) and said you ""gotta do what you gotta do"". The morning after they were all laughing it off (including the ones who didnt cheat) and not one said they would speak to their SO about it. I felt like I was in some kind of twilight zone where cheating is just.. Accepted. 

I dont know how to manage these friendships now. The relationships are up to them (Im not friends with these SOs), but it personally makes me feel really gross. And I told my bf and he too rightfully was extremely uncomfortable about the whole situation. He says he wouldnt want anything more to do with them (we both have ditched friends at uni for cheating) but also understands how hard it would be for me to leave that many close friends behind. 

Before people come rinsing me for not immediately unfriending them, these have been my closest friends for about a decade now. People who've probably saved my life and I theirs, my best friends in the world. Ive seen them in relationships before but this is the first time Ive seen any of them cheat. Its honestly such a massive shock and I have no clue what to do.

Tl:dr: most of my friends cheated, encouraged me to, treated it like it was nothing, but theyre my best friends, unsure how to react."|wahooo92|False|https://redd.it/ekvwi0|15|0.91|0|10|1|relationships
ekxoxg|2020-01-06 18:03:15|Am I wrong for not liking how my girlfriend tells her mother about every conflict in our relationship?|"My girlfriend [21F] and I [22M] have been together for over a year and she has a really close relationship with her mother which is nice and all, but it kind of annoys me how she complains and turns to her mother whenever we have any sort of conflict about anything. I feel like her constantly doing this could paint a bad picture of me (I've made my mistakes) and tarnish the relationship I could have with her mother as she knows every little bump in the road (my fault or not). 

I understand everyone needs someone to confide to, but I feel like a lot of this is not really stuff my potential mother-in-law needs to know. 

Am I wrong for thinking this way?

Tl;dr - girlfriend tells her mother about every conflict in our relationship and it worries me that it could ruin the relationship between her mother and I."|fusthrowaway362617|False|https://redd.it/ekxoxg|10|0.87|0|20|1|relationships
el05kj|2020-01-06 20:54:42|Am I right to think Husband (M34) has betrayed my (F32) trust|"Hi,

I am currently considering pursuing an opportunity with a new firm (they recently approached me with a potentially interesting offer).

I spoke about it with my husband to get this thoughts, and he seemed a bit against it as it would mean walking away from a currently good position. I took on board what he was saying and we agreed it was worth exploring and seeing what happened.

I want to point out that this was not a major discussion, but more something I was thinking about. 

Today he tells me that he has spoken about it with his friend, and that between he and his friend, they had decided it was a good idea for me to proceed with it. 

I feel extremely annoyed as 1) why did he think it was ok to just spread our private business like that?; 2) I don’t need his and his friend’s permission to do something.

The whole thing really pissed me off. He knows I am extremely private about these sorts of things and tried to justify it by saying he need someone to talk about it with. Considering it’s not a major concern and it’s my career, I really don’t understand why he felt he could just go and do that!

Am I overreacting? I just feel somehow betrayed- like I can’t trust that what we speak about stays between us.

TL;DR: Husband (M34) telling his friend about our private business makes me feel betrayed (F32)"|SelinaMeyer1212|False|https://redd.it/el05kj|6|1.0|0|16|1|relationships
el14dh|2020-01-06 22:01:11|How do I (20F) tell my mother (55F) I don't want her to buy me presents anymore?|"Every year for my birthday and Christmas, my mom goes completely overboard with gifts. I'm talking piles that take an hour to unwrap. When I was a child this was amazing, but as a college student and with our strained relationship, gift-getting has become very stressful for me, as I have to fake enthusiasm and then find a way to discreetly get rid of all the stuff. It also makes me feel very guilty as I make minimum wage and can only ever get her one or two small things.

Usually half of it will be knickknacks I have no use for that end up in the garbage (think flashlights, bookmarks, small plastic toys for children), and the other half will be ridiculously expensive things (jewelry, clothes) that I also have no use for. This year I got multiple $300 sweaters that can't be worn against bare skin and need to be dry-cleaned. I'm a college student living in New York and I don't even separate my whites and colors, so I have no idea what to do with these other than give them to goodwill. 

I would much rather have the ~$1000 she spends on presents every year as rent money, or put in a savings account, or even just as cash, but she enjoys buying and wrapping the gifts so much that I don't know how to bring this up to her. She also likes having the presents as something to hold over me when we get into arguments (""well if you won't talk to me then I guess you aren't getting your presents"", though of course this doesn't work because I don't want them) so I don't know if she'd be willing to let that leverage go. 

Does anyone here have advice to get her to stop??

TLDR: My mom spends over $1000 on gifts I end up getting rid of every year, and I'd rather just have the money.

Edit: typos"|thesmallone7726|False|https://redd.it/el14dh|4|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekzxl9|2020-01-06 20:39:33|I (17F) just found out my mom (38F) is back on drugs. It’s complicated so I don’t know what to do.|"Seven years ago my dad (42) gained custody of me and I moved with him instead of my mom. A little after that my three siblings went into the foster care system because of my mom’s drug issues. I was spared from being put in because I had already left.  

Living with him was absolute hell. He’s a Jehovah’s Witness, against many things that I am.. His wife hates me, he works the night shift and I was stuck with her alone.  I couldn’t eat (I lost a lot of weight) I couldn’t hang out with friends, I couldn’t even go to the living room because I would see her and she would find ways to attack me emotionally (I was much more fragile when I was ten). A little over a year ago I petitioned the court and my mom was able to get residential custody of me back. This was possible because she was behaving.  However the terms of the court is she can’t misbehave (get in any legal trouble, fail a drug test that’s she’s supposed to have because of probation) .. so you can understand why doing drugs is very bad for business.

This morning my little brother (15)found crystal meth in her car because he took it to the store without asking while she was asleep. He took an elaborate amount of pictures for proof, and I had them sent to me. I’m pretty sure it’s crystal meth, I looked on google and the packaging was consistent. There were other signs previous (room smelling like weed, she was gone somewhere for no reason, couldn’t explain was she was doing. last time she did drugs she had suspicion on the timing in the bathroom and it’s started happening again) so I just want to emphasize that she is indeed doing drugs there’s no question. She has a job and whatnot but I KNOW my mother.

If I tell I get sent to my dads. I know it’s going to be very dangerous mentally if it happens to me.  I have thought of extreme ways get out of the situation before I moved, fortunately I didn’t. I don’t want to end up like that once again. My little brothers (15 and 13) still live with us (my one older sister is grown up) so I’m worried about if this gets ugly it will involve them. On another hand she can overdose or crash her car or something like that. 

I want to stop her but should I do at my own life’s expense? I cannot go back to my dad’s. Is there anyway I can take care of it all? As in get her the help while avoiding heading to my dads. We have family around but the judge probably doesn’t care about that.

I’m writing this on the way to a shopping trip, my brother (15) and I plan to talk to her after we get home.. what should we even do or say? Is there something people are prone to missing when they confront people about this stuff? If you have been in her position what can we do to help? 

TL;DR - if I expose mothers drug use I put my family’s mental health on extremely thin ice, if I do not,  I risk people getting hurt in a different way. I’m confronting her soon so I need to know how to approach it."|madduuu|False|https://redd.it/ekzxl9|5|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekmt37|2020-01-06 01:47:04|F, 29, Feeling socially bankrupt, help?|"I’m in a really sad, hopeful sort of, rut all combined in one. I’ve recently went through major life changes that have forced me to reevaluate all my relationships in life with friends to relatives, and exes. I had to cut off people because they weren’t good for my mental health, and or had to create major distance. I've been through betrayals and just in general mistreatment from many. I’ve had to drop people and while I know deep down it’s for my own good it’s a painful and lonely place to be in. I feel so lost and my sense of self has taken a plunge for the worst. I can’t be the only one going through this right now right?

TL;DR socially bankrupt trying to feel better about life"|Milenadali|False|https://redd.it/ekmt37|153|0.94|0|38|1|relationships
ekoppi|2020-01-06 04:21:03|Girlfriend [F17] won’t let Me [M17] get a job because of a girl [F17] who hasn’t caused problems for years.|"I’ve been desperate for a job for a while, I’ve been in debt and unable to find work amidst multiple applications and phone calls over the past few months, I’m finally getting an opportunity at a local clothing store and my girlfriend is upset and uncomfortable because a girl who liked me when I was in middle school works there as well, this girl has been committed to one guy for years and my girlfriend still tells me she won’t allow it even though I know there will be no issues.

Tl;dr - girlfriend doesn’t want me to get a job because a girl who liked me 4 years ago, who’s in a relationship works there as well."|luminaxed|False|https://redd.it/ekoppi|92|0.93|0|45|1|relationships
el0itw|2020-01-06 21:19:59|I [29/f] feel the financial situation is unfair with my boyfriend [33/m]. Looking for outside opinions.|"Hi, Reddit. I’m feeling pretty down about this and could use some frank and honest perspective. 

My boyfriend and I have been dating for 2 years and living together for 8 months. Here are our financial details:

-He has been making 300k a year and has a net worth of around 180,000. He’s starting a new job soon with a pay cut, and he’ll be making about 160k at the new job. 

-I have only been working a couple years after graduating grad school. I make 120k a year and my current net worth is something like 35k. 

-At his insistence, we split the rent and utilities equally for our apartment (it was his apartment before I moved in). The rent is $3700 a month, so I end up paying a bit above $1800 a month. The utilities are about $200 a month. 

I felt that we should pay for the rent proportionally with our incomes, but he said he should not have to “subsidize me” when I have enough money to pay the full half. He also said that it was fair because I would be paying less than I had before (when I lived alone, I paid $2100 a month for my apartment). Whenever we go out to eat, the bill is always split 50/50– he may offer to pay a couple times a year (and I do the same). I was a bit offended when we went out to dinner recently and I paid for my half and he then asked if I could venmo him half the amount of the tip ($10). I never ask him to pay me back for things that are 10 dollars or less. 

We went on a trip earlier this year, and he wanted to stay in a hotel I felt I couldn’t afford, so he ended up paying $2100 for it and I paid $800. He also paid for some drinks/club fees on the trip. I was very appreciative of this, but it was definitely out of the ordinary. 

He’s mentioned before that he felt his ex wife took advantage of him financially (she didn’t have a job the whole decade they were together), and I think that’s probably why he’s so strict on this subject. But it just hurts my feelings. We’ve talked about marriage and it makes me wonder if, even after marriage, he will still insist on this kind of 50/50 deal. (He has said before that it would be different if we were married, though). He objectively has so much more money than me, and if I was in his position, I would definitely not insist on everything being 50/50.

Am I in the wrong for expecting this? And how can I stop feeling resentful of the situation? 

TL;DR: boyfriend expects that we contribute equally to almost everything, despite him having substantially more money than me."|WholeDistribution7|False|https://redd.it/el0itw|4|0.75|0|19|1|relationships
el0aa1|2020-01-06 21:03:44|Guilty dad syndrome... How can I (33M) make my girlfriend (28F) feel more included with my daughter (10F)?|"Using a throwaway. Apologies in advance if this is long!

I've been with my girlfriend for about two years and love her very much, she gives me everything I've ever wanted. After breaking up with my daughter (10F)'s mother a few years ago, she's the first person I've been serious about and I fell for her really quickly after we met. Instant connection etc etc. 

Now, I'm the first to admit I've got guilty father syndrome. My ex (the mother of my child) and I broke up after she cheated. It was a hard experience and it was emotional on my then very young daughter. I've not introduced my girlfriend and my kid yet, and she's understanding of that but I can feel her getting a bit down on being two years in and our lives not being more involved.

I'm gonna introduce them and hopefully start blending things soon, but I hate that I've made her feel so sidelined.

Back to guilty dad syndrome; I take my kid away on holiday a lot, and when I have her at my place, I dote on her, I buy her things, to be honest I probably spoil her and I'm aware its not ideal, but I do feel bad for her not having had both her parents together.

This leaves me, along with my work, little time for my girlfriend and I've noticed I barely take her out, barely am romantic with her, I'm tired a lot when with her, and I feel bad when giving so so much time to my daughter knowing that I'm totally neglecting my girlfriend's needs and that I should make a much bigger effort to include her more.

I'm a doctor and when I'm not on call at the weekends I have my daughter, and I don't see my girlfriend. I've let her down many times and she's always been OK with it even though I know it hurts her to feel like she's an afterthought constantly.

She's always been really respectful of my one on one time with my daughter, tells me that I should spend as much time as I can with my daughter and try to make every second special as she'll only be a kid once, but I know shes feeling left out and awkward at this stage and I hate that. She had a poor relationship with her own dad growing up and I know how good I am with my kid, how much I give her, makes her a bit sad to feel on the sidelines of and excluded from. I also feel like a neglectful person at this point for not trying to make her feel special and include her more, especially knowing how sensitive she is about dads and daughters, and wishing she had what I give my kid.

My best friend has even warned me on this, because my girlfriend is so great, loving and patient, gives me everything I want, but he knows shes feeling very awkward and uncomfortable and like an outsider and I should be doing much more to dote on her too. I fear I'm taking her for granted now.

My girlfriend is really worried about intruding, she's told me that, and I really see that I'm not doing enough to comfort her worries and ease her in.

They're both my girls and I'm not the type of parent to be like ''MY KID IS NUMBER ONE ALWAYS!!!!'' and be aggressive about it constantly. I really don't like parents who start off relationships forcing down the throats of their partners that they'll forever be second best. Neither is second or first and they're both my whole world. I guess I just need advice on how to blend my worlds so nobody feels second best or left out.

Never done this before, any advice?

TL;DR: How can I make my girlfriend feel more loved and appreciated and included with my 10 year old daughter and I?"|throwawaaay1973|False|https://redd.it/el0aa1|3|1.0|0|14|1|relationships
ekos55|2020-01-06 04:26:49|Partner struggles w/ vaginismus - how to handle my feelings while still being supportive [m30s / f30s]|"
My partner and I are in our early 30s and have been together since high school. She struggles with severe primary vaginismus for which she is in both talk therapy and PT. We’ve never been able to achieve PIV but are making incredible strides (a year ago she couldn’t use a tampon and now she uses them comfortably and is up to a dilator that’s almost my size). Our entire relationship I have basically avoided dealing with my feelings about this, instead just pushing them down and trying (with varying levels of success) to be supportive of her. 

We recently made the decision to start trying for a kid even though we haven’t been able to have PIV yet (since we’re both getting older we want to get started because even though we’re close to achieving PIV we aren’t there yet and then who knows how long it’ll take to conceive). Trying to conceive has made me start to confront all the emotions I have about the struggles with vaginismus and I’m trying to figure out the best way to work through and process my feelings (both good and bad) while being supportive. Essentially I need to figure out how to be able to vent about this and venting to her isn’t really an option as it’s deeply counterproductive and this isn’t something I’m comfortable discussing with my friends or family for obvious reasons. I’ve (very) recently started my own therapy for the first time and it has been useful so far, but  I think I still need (and my therapist is encouraging me to find) other ways to work through my feelings. For other partners of women with vaginismus, how do you work through your own thoughts and feelings while still being supportive of your partner (or for the ladies working through this how do you partners handle it)? 

TL;DR: My partner struggles with  severe primary vaginismus and I’m trying to figure out how to process my own feelings and frustration with the process without being a roadblock for her."|PartnerWVaginismus|False|https://redd.it/ekos55|77|0.9|0|38|1|relationships
ekytfr|2020-01-06 19:22:53|I (24M) just had to send the hardest message to my now ex-girlfriend (22FM)|"We were together since Nov of 2015, basically inseparable. We have lived together, gotten engaged, traveled the country, moved thousands of miles together, spent countless hours together.. Don't get me wrong, we had some horrendous problems, too. We have been talking through a breakup over the past few days. She asked for a final text saying that if this is what I really wanted, she needed a very direct explanation. 

Seems like a lot of what is stopping me is how repetitive some of the poisonous behavior has gotten. We gave it several tries at the end, but every time it went straight back into the chaos. I don't think its fair for me to keep her in a relationship where I am stuck and can't be who she deserves or get what I need to heal so I can be in the relationship I deserve, too.

I hope she has finds what she deserves so she can be happy. She is an incredible person, but good lord our personalities clashed SO intensely.  I don't have any bad feelings towards her right now. I feel like a lot of the behavior stemmed from deeper issues from both of our upbringings. I much rather walk away from this with the lessons I learned about loving someone and the good memories we shared together. I wish we would have met later rather than sooner so we could have worked out our issues instead of indulging in them and destroying our relationship. I don't know what I should be feeling. I think it helped that I have been processing this over a couple of days rather than all at once. 

TL;DR This is my first break-up, despite a few high school relationships that had no bearing on my emotions. I don't even know why I am making this post, just felt like I needed to let that off my chest. Kind of feels like the calm before the storm. I think this is going to hurt like a motherfucker."|Saint-Francois|False|https://redd.it/ekytfr|6|0.7|0|8|1|relationships
ekym4g|2020-01-06 19:08:42|Right guy wrong time|"I will be 19 in a month and this guy is 22 or 23.
So this new year's I met a guy. We actually knew each other for over 1 year but only talked a little when we first met and than nothing. I was attracted to him then as well but knew that he isn't interested in dating so didn't pursue anything. 
This new year's I see him again and say hi. We talk really briefly.
Then, next day he comes to talk with me.( We're in some sort of a camp with 150 ppl or smth.) He sais hi and asks me about my life and I ask about his and he talk for about an hour. In the end he makes me promise that we'll talk more because a common friend told him I am a good conversationist when it comes to more philosophical stuff. 
We end up talking a lot during this 3 day camp. Mostly he is the one coming to me, whenever I am free and not talking to someone else. He tells me about his plans and I ask about his projects and he's as handsome as smart. He asks about my life and my ideas and it's all fine and dandy. He keeps smiling at me with his so perfect smile and I m falling for him fast. 
He helps me find a car to get me home and makes sure I get on time. (He was supposed to take me but he s traveling with a friend who promised other people a lift.)
I already had his fb and that night he texts me and asks if I got home ok. And we talk a little, but it takes him SO LONG to answer. (Like either 5 or 3 or 2 hours to respond). I tell him we should meet and he says ""yes, sure, let's keep in touch"", but does not make any plans. And then I seen his message because I feel like I am holding on smth that is not. Now (after 2 days) I texted him again as I watched a movie he recommended and really liked it. 
KEEP IN MIND: 
1. he's 4th year in med school, and starting uni and exams this week. He's also volunteering in countries such as Africa and Kazakhstan but that s only during summer time.
2. I am studying abroad and leaving in 3 weeks for college. 
3. That common friend of ours told me that he thinks I am a really nice girl ( he told me that himself tho and also that I am beautiful) but that does not mean that he likes me
4. I am good with a friendship and talking but by being abroud a friendship can't be kept w only seeing and talking in real life once in 3 months. 

I know my value, I know that I am beautiful, smart and have plans for my future on which I am working on, and I know that I will not pull him back in any way.

TL;DR! I like a guy with whom I spoke more over for the last 3 days ( but know for a year) and seemed to hit home. He thinks I'm a ""really nice girl"" and seemed to like me at least in the friends way. He s in med school and I m studying abroad (leaving in 3 weeks) but I m not rushing into a relationship now. while trying to talk online he's answering really slowly. He started uni and might be busy. 

What should I do? Do you think I can have a shot with him? Should I keep texting him? Is he just busy?"|teodorapetre|False|https://redd.it/ekym4g|5|0.86|0|2|1|relationships
ekyfr6|2020-01-06 18:56:05|I feel like an alien. How often do you text with your SO when in a secure relationship? My (27M) communication with my ex (27F) contributed to our breakup without me being aware of it.|"By secure I mean 2+ years, have been through hard times and came out stronger before, living together...

I am perfectly fine with only texting every other day, and really don't like texting for ""serious talks"" which I want face to face in order to decode face and body language. I thought my ex was fine with it too, since we never had a real talk about this (we did not have many real talks anyway hence the breakup after the relationship slowly turning toxic) 

However it seems EVERYONE online wants to ABSOLUTELY text every day throughout the whole day, and when people ask on quora or reddit if it's normal that their SO sometimes only respond to a text the next day, almost every answer is stuff like ""he's cheating"", ""he doesnt love you"", ""break up with him"" like what??? And at the same time, the advice you find online is to NOT ask your SO to text more or to express your need, but rather to wait for them to text more? WHAT???

Am I an alien? Am I insane to think not expressing your need and building resentment is pure stupidity, and that in some cases texting everyday several times a day even when living together screams of codependency/insecurity (unless you communicate this need and both agree to a standard you are happy with)

I have messed up a relationship with an ex because I was exhausted, overworked and depressed at the same time they were on a 2 week vacation with their sports club. I had just started a new position and was preparing a visa application so we could both live in the same country for life. As a result, I texted almost everyday but sometimes very short answers, with a lot of delay because of life getting in the way or the time difference, and I did let two days go without any texting since my ex did not initiate anything on those days, then I initiated on the 3rd day (because that is what I am comfortable with, less than every other day seems a bit off but not the end of the world), no response so I initiated the next day still with a question and they replied and were back to texting everyday, heart emojis, everything seemed fine. 

Never at ANY point I imagined they were not happy about how we texted during these two weeks.
I had no idea back then, but turns out my ex has some form of BPD, so there were a lot of unspoken needs and poor communication skills, and the way we texted most likely triggered them and their fear of abandonment + lack of object constancy made them spiral down. They cheated on me (repeated sex) and fell in love with the guy, and kept the affair going long distance after coming back from their trip, and we broke up about a month later.

I had just come to peace that it was a terrible shame I was not able to be aware of their BPD earlier, unable to cope with my own stress more efficiently, and unknowingly neglected them. It does not excuse cheating IMO, but to me it's mostly a sign my ex were not happy and there was a disconnect, for which I share the blame. As much as it pains me, I doubt it was meant to be anyway because we slowly became toxic and this bad texting trigger was the nail in the coffin. 

But NOW I'm starting to even doubt if I'm not disordered myself? Is being fine with only texting every other day in a 4 years committed relationship sociopathic? Hell, we met on OKCupid 4 years ago and I SPECIFICALLY remember a question about how often I need to communicate, and I remember answering either every other day or every 2-3 days. I am guilty of not looking at her answer back then, so I dont know if she put ""everyday"", but if it was important to her she could have peeked at MY answer... 

tl;dr : How often do you like to text with a committed SO? How do you deal with a temporary decrease in frequency? Do you not tell your SO if you want more communication with them?"|IWBTTM|False|https://redd.it/ekyfr6|6|0.75|0|35|1|relationships
ekwpk6|2020-01-06 16:53:02|My boyfriend (22M) is very hurt by things I (24F) said during an argument, I can't totally take them back and I'm worried that the trust between us is damaged. I need advice.|"Sorry for the length.

My boyfriend and I (together 1 year) got into an argument recently. He has had a habit of (in my opinion) disagreeing with and sort of playing devil's advocate to a lot of things I say. It's really hurtful and irritating and I've called him out on it a few times. He likes to debate and share ideas but it often comes out as disapproving of what I say and sparking debates. I think he enjoys that kind of banter but I really don't, and I feel invalidated when he does this to the frequency he does. It makes me feel unheard and like what I'm saying isn't important to him. I have told him this and have called him on this a few times in the past, but never in a ""sit you down and have a talk"" kind of way. However, its something that has been in the back of my mind for a while.

The other day we started talking about a political candidate and I shared that I didn't think that person would be good because of one of their policy's, and listed why. Instead of being interested in what I was saying and seeing it as valid, my boyfriend immediately shut down and was just disagreeing with me. He got visibly angry and was making mean faces and raising his voice. I felt extremely frustrated and my resentment from his habit of shutting down what I said came boiling to the surface. In the moment I felt that any time I wanted to share something I know, instead of being like ""really? i didn't know that"" he would just argue with me and disagree with me. In this situation I realize that I disagreed with what he was saying first - but in the past I feel as though I listen to him all the time and when I share something from my knowledge or wisdom, he just disagrees with it.

He's someone who prides himself on loving casual debate (he's an ENTP), and so I got angry that he was visibly acting so angry during the talk (turned argument). If he really loved debate and wanted to learn more and banter, why was he getting so visibly angry? Then all my resentment of past times feeling shut down by him surfaced and I was saying things like ""why do you have to have an opinion on literally everything"". and then i commented that ""to have an opinion on everything is very arrogant and pretentious."" and he said ""do you think i am arrogant and pretentious?"" and I paused and said ""in certain contexts, yes.""

Since the argument a couple days ago, we've seen each other a few times and had to talk about it each time because clearly one of us was still upset. I believe that now he understands how his habit of shutting me down really hurts me, but he is still hurt that I called him arrogant and pretentious. He feels that it was a personal attack and he said it damaged his trust and that now he has to think about himself that way and consider it. I apologized for saying that and said that I don't think he is like that at his core, but that his habit of shutting down everything I say with an opinion and dominating the conversation feels arrogant and pretentious to me when I'm experiencing it. I think that the way I confronted him about this was not productive and came out of anger which is my fault.

This is the first time I have confronted him about something having to do with his personality, rather than a changeable behavioral thing I want changed. He cried last night and I know that he's very upset. He says he felt like this came out of nowhere and that it hurts him to hear that I've been feeling this way, because he thought everything was going so well. So, in combination with that and the ""Arrogant and pretentious"" thing, he's pretty upset. He wants to change his habit of shutting me down and even wrote out a document on how I feel and how to solve it, but he is still clearly deeply upset about this. And I don't know how to make it better, because I can't exactly take back those words....anyone have advice?

**Tl;dr:** My boyfriend has a habit of disagreeing with/sharing an opposing opinion to a lot of things I say, it makes me feel shut down and unheard. In an argument recently, my resentment came to the surface and I confronted him about this in not the most graceful way. I said that having an opinion on everything is arrogant and pretentious. He is very hurt by these words, as well as the fact that he thought our relationship was going so well and my confrontation came out of nowhere. He wants to change his habit of doing this but he's still deeply upset and hurt. I want to make things better."|MoonbeamDarling|False|https://redd.it/ekwpk6|6|1.0|0|23|1|relationships
ekvwv6|2020-01-06 15:54:20|Did I [21M] do the right thing by not talking do this girl [23F] anymore?|"So I was talking to this girl for several months that I met on a dating app and after not being able to see each other for many reasons we finally met up and had a date together. 

It was a great date and we had a lot of fun together and even agreed to go out on a second date.

I found out later that around the same time we started talking she started talking to this other guy.

She told that she has had more dates with this guy more times than me and that she feels bad because she feels that she's leading us both on.

Anyways she started to complain about the situation to me and said we might have to stop talking to each other because she didn't wanna ruin her connection with this other guy. But on the other hand didn't want to hurt me. She kept going back and forth with what do. It legit felt like she was doing her own version of the bachelorette or some shit.

She said she hates making decisions and that she hates her life and stuff and asked me to make my decision. I said that I still wanted to see her but she completely ignored it.

The next thing she did confused the hell out of me for some reason whilst talking about this and me telling her that I still wanted to see her she sent me photos and videos of them on a date together and talked about how they make out all the time. 

It was at this point where I decided to just stop and I just told her that it's obvious that she is leaning more towards him than me. I wished her luck with the guy. 

She responded saying ""I've ruined this haven't I?"" And then said ""if it doesn't work out with him then that's my fuck Up"".

By the end after everything she was texting she kept saying ""you can delete me if you want"" and felt like she was pushing me towards not talking to her anymore

And I know we only went on one date so it's not really something I can get down and upset about its just the first girl I've actually tried to meet up with and everything.

TLDR: girl I was talking to was talking to another guy. We went on a date together and it went great. After organising a second date she said she had to make a choice of who she wanted to be with. She didn't wanna ruin her connection with him but didn't want to hurt me. When I was giving her my choice which was to see her again she sent me videos and pictures of them on dates together and started talking about how much they make out."|998104D|False|https://redd.it/ekvwv6|8|0.8|0|23|1|relationships
ekwwgg|2020-01-06 17:06:14|My (31 F) GF saw messages on my (31 M) phone from an ex that I responded to inappropriately.|"Me and my GF have recently reconnected after 10 years apart - we live in different states and things have been going well for first 3 months but now coming to a head. We are discussing the future, moving in and travel and even already booked 3 trips in the next month to see each other. 

Lately however it seems there is always we are fighting about - there was a money thing / then a lying issue and now she asked for if I ever talked to my ex... I didn’t want to lie to her and told her my ex texted me on my birthday (while we are dating at this point) and I responded with something too intimate / flirty. She is now distraught, she said I am still in love with her and I am in denial - we talked for hours but no resolution

The next morning (today) I check and she blocked me on insta / FB and I think my texts are blocked as well because she is not answering.

What are my options? I just want to tell her I love her and my ex means nothing and I messed up.

TLDR: My girlfriend saw inappropriate message to my ex and now is ignoring / blocked me."|robic18|False|https://redd.it/ekwwgg|6|0.65|0|21|1|relationships
ekxod1|2020-01-06 18:02:13|I [28F] feel more like a mother than a girlfriend to my boyfriend [30M]|"I am not looking for dump him advice, but how can I approach this problem. How can I bring it up without seeming like complaining since he says I do that a lot. 

We live together and have been for about a year. He does not help towards shared expenses, just covers his own bills, which unfortunately is a lot. He is working towards a plan to fix that, so I have been ok with him not helping financially so he can get himself together.

He works full time and helps his parents with various things such as their house on the weekends. His dad is not physically capable of doing the things he wants to do. 

However, this leaves me covering all shared expenses in the meantime. It also means, most of the time, I am cooking and cleaning the house on top of caring for my son from a previous relationship. Sometimes he does small things like dishes and takes out the trash. Cooks maybe once or twice a week depending on how he feels. He also fixed my car which blew a tire and messed up the rim and any issues with the house. Which is great! But it is starting to bother me that he says he does these things for me, as if its some grand gesture instead of, you live here, too. 

I am an affectionate person and like physical touch. Which overall, he isn't loving in that way like he once was. Theres always a reason like his body hurts, he doesnt feel well, it is really hot, etc. Even with sex, things have changed. He says it has nothing to do with me and his priorities, and thjngs on his mind have changed plus being tired. However, he went from saying he enjoys pleasing the woman to, that's only for me. I have a high sex drive and he said that now he feels pressured to so I dont feel bad. Which makes me feel worse! 

Yesterday and today we are both sick. He says this 50times through the evening to which i start ignoring. I made him dinner, got his favorite drinks, and gave him a short back rub. Then he has the audacity to say I didnt do anything for him. That I never do anything for him. That I want him to kiss my feet, etc. So when I tell him he is the one not doing anything, he reminds me how he fixes anything that needs to be fixed. How he makes dinner once in a while. Then says it is partly because i dont do anything for him like not enough bjs not holding him at night enough, not enough back rubs. That im supposed to be nurturing. When I mention all the things I do, he says dont do them anymore because he doesnt want them thrown in his face. He says that he isnt a romatic or touchy feely type so he isnt going to be that way. He used to be and he ignores that comment all the time. He is cuddly sometimes and just refers that he is sometimes and to find someone else if thats not good enough. 

Truth be told, i do try to bring some of this stuff up a lot. So, I get him getting tired of hearing it and it makes it harder for me to explain that I feel like a single mom of two kids rather than a partner. And he just says he works all the time and cleaning the house doesnt take much time. The work he is talking about his for his parents. Which also makes me feel less than. He told me to my face they will always come first and I cant compete. 

Am I over reacting?

TL;DR: My boyfriend does not help much towards the house hold or finances. He uses working all the time, fixing things around the house, and not feeling well as an excuse. Expects me to baby him, but it is hardly reciprocated."|ThrowAway__MyHeartt|False|https://redd.it/ekxod1|3|0.77|0|28|1|relationships
ekxn0a|2020-01-06 17:59:28|When should I tell my boyfriend that I want to break up? It's a complicated situation|"I (22f) am Canadian but I study in the UK. Here I met my boyfriend (23). He is English. We've been together for two years and I've known for very early on that he doesn't want to move to Canada ever. He always says he loves me but he wouldn't want me to stay just for him if I were unhappy otherwise. We saw my uni time here as some sort of trial run for the future. I've been quite happy here and I love my boyfriend to death. But lately I realised that I want to return to Canada. I like England and I was happy here but I just can't live here forever. For the last 3 years I've seen my family only five times. Canada is my home and I just don't feel that way about England. I'm incredibly sad but I know I'll eventually be glad that I went back. 

Obviously this means my boyfriend and I will have to break up since staying in England is non negotiable for him and we can't be in a ldr forever. The thing is I think my boyfriend thinks that I'm going to stay. I always said that I don't know and that I'll decide eventually but the way he acts makes me think that he's certain I'll decide in his favour. But I haven't. 

The semester is pretty much over and our lease ends by the end of January. I'm planning on going back after that. I don't need more time for my decision I know that I will not stay and I know that his stance hasn't changed because I sussed it out. So when should I tell him? If I do it now we'll still have to live together for 3 more weeks and it will just be sad and awkward but I also feel bad for keeping him in the dark. It would be very abrupt if I just tell him 2 days before I leave and telling him when I'm gone (I planned to go visit my family anyway) just feels wrong. 
So when and how should I tell him?

Tldr. I want to break up with my boyfriend. He's English and I'm Canadian.

Edit to say we both graduated and he will move back in with his parents for a while. I could have lived there too. So no rent arrangements"|sadcanadiangirl|False|https://redd.it/ekxn0a|5|0.86|0|8|1|relationships
ekzv6m|2020-01-06 20:34:51|I [M20] don't know how to cope with my GFs [F20] depression|"Throwaway account because she's occasionally on reddit. 

My girlfriend and I have been dating for about 9 months. We met in college and this was my first serious relationship, while she's had a few in the past. 

Over breaks between semesters we both go to our respective hometowns, located about a 1.5 hour drive apart. During the school year we practically live together and everything is generally fine. She has depression and has been pretty open about it which I appreciate, and I feel like I can usually handle it when we're together. She's also very supportive of me and has helped me through some family issues I've been going through recently. 

However, things get really difficult whenever we go home. While she has friends and family she spends time with, whenever she doesn't have plans with them she basically just sits at home, does nothing and sinks into her depression. She recently got off her antidepressant medication because she didn't like the physical symptoms and she told me herself that as bad as she always feels now, she'd rather feel that than feel numb all the time on meds. Whenever I mention seeking therapy she half heartedly tells me she'll look into it but she doesn't seem to think it'll help her. As far as I can tell she doesn't really have open communication with her parents either; she didn't even tell them she was off of meds for a while. 

As it stands right now I'm basically her only resource and while I'm trying my best to help however I can, I'm not a therapist and there's only so much I can do. I don't know exactly what to say when she tells me she just feels like crying all the time besides reminding her that I love her and I care about her. I know things get temporarily better if I'm physically with her but I need my own time to spend with my family/do things for myself too. I spend pretty much all my free time with her during the school year as is and feel like any step above that is practically marriage (which I'm far from ready for at age 20). 

There are times we'll be video chatting for hours while she's having a rough day and I feel like I'm betraying her for wanting to go to bed at 2AM knowing she'll stay up crying all night. At the same time I know I can't let my SOs depression control my life like this. I do love her a lot but I feel like this situation keeps escalating and I don't know how I'll be able to handle it down the line as she's planning on studying abroad/going to grad school and I'm graduating earlier than her. 

TL;DR: My girlfriend has depression and is especially needy when we're not together, she doesn't seem to be taking concrete steps to help herself and I don't know how to help her without giving myself depression in the process"|aqd334|False|https://redd.it/ekzv6m|3|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
ekzqaa|2020-01-06 20:25:21|[21F] don't know if I should break up[21M]|"So I have a relationship with this guy for almost 2 years.
He is cute and all but i realised that
 a)lately our activities together seem boring and dull 
B)i cant live the rest of my life with him due to different opinions on lifestyle choices/how we where raised.(2 major examples is he is slightly stingy with money as well as he has a small alcohol addiction) and both seem natural to him

With whoever I have talked about it, they told me to let it go and I deserve so much more.
But I really love him. I cant think my life without his silly jokes or goofy smile. Without our daily chatting about literally the most trivial things.

On the other hand what will happen in 30 years. Maybe I dont be able to stand him 

TL;DR thibking of breaking up with boyfriend of 2 years due to difficulties about how we were raised."|Redoet|False|https://redd.it/ekzqaa|3|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
eky2wr|2020-01-06 18:30:54|I miss the old us|"I don’t know what exactly his post is, i guess i just want to let my feelings out.

My feelings haven’t changed at all yet the conversations don’t flow like they used to, we don’t laugh like we used to, we just don’t speak like we used to but i don’t know what it is. I cant quite put my finger on it. We’re just not the same. I feel like she’s (F17) not as in to me as she used to. Now when we facetime every few seconds she’s pausing it to go message people on her phone when i could literally sit there for hours ignoring all my messages and just admiring her. That’s what she used to be like too. Also a few days ago she posted something on her instagram story about “How to know if you’ve outgrown someone” & the last picture said “a specific someone will come into mind when you read this”. I asked her, do you feel like you’ve outgrown me & have kind of moved on? She said no she hasn’t however she did think of me when she saw the last picture. I don’t know. Things just don’t feel the same and it really sucks. I feel like one good thing might happen and we’re all happy like we used to be & then straight after we go back to the normal new us. It’s affecting my mental health as it’s all i ever think about. I have my occasional moments of happiness but i feel like in general i haven’t been happy in months. It’s just so weird, i get moments where i feel like i want to break down and cry but for absolutely no reason at all. 

TL;DR things just feel different between me and my GF. I cant point out exactly what it is, but it’s killing my happiness."|An0nymous-T|False|https://redd.it/eky2wr|5|1.0|0|13|1|relationships
eklbl1|2020-01-05 23:54:54|I (15F) told my brother (18M) to stop being a parent to me and he didn't take it well|"My mom died when I was around 7ish and my brother was 10ish, it was hard on us and our dad who is a great guy don't get me wrong but he got kinda distant for a little bit and drank a lot. He was still our dad and helped us but my brother took on a big brother role and was like a father figure and we got really close cause of it. I love and respect what he did at such a young age and were closer than most siblings our age cause of it. Tho he took a big brother/father figure role it meant it was hard for us to really be kids and goof off together and so I avoided doing anything wrong in front of him cause he'd just reprimand me like an adult. I am now 15 and he's 18 and its been years now and our dad is almost 7 years sober at this point and is a great dad my brother never gave up the father figure role. I can't leave the house even if I tell my dad without getting his permission too, I can't do anything even remotely ""rebellious"" cause he will tell on me in an instant or punish me himself (which means locking me in my room and almost picking me up to put me back in if I leave.

About a week ago we were just watching tv and the wall of being responsible broke down and it was amazing he was like the kid he was. We were goofing off and play fighting for a few minutes but then his responsible side kicked back in and he got off of me and just sat there. I had enough of him doing that and flat out said ""God dammit, I respect you looking after me when mom died but that was 8 YEARS AGO, stop with parenting me and be a fucking teen with me. I don't want a big brother who's all responsible I just want a fun brother who goofs off and does fun shit like me."" He told me to not disrespect him like that and went to his room.

I feel bad how I said it but I meant what I said, I'm tired of him ""parenting"" me and I know its been hard on both of us without our mom but I think it would have been better if I had a FRIEND during all of it instead of a second dad. Don't get me wrong I appreciate what he did and him putting aside his childhood for me but it hurts to see him like that and wish he would change now cause its over and I want him to be happy too

Advice on this whole situation?

TL;DR:My brother has parented me most of my life cause our mom died and I'm tired of him doing that cause I just want a fun big brother who goofs off and has fun too."|Big_broAITA|False|https://redd.it/eklbl1|123|0.91|0|41|1|relationships
el1ail|2020-01-06 22:12:42|Boyfriend’s (22m) friends excluded me (21f) from their spring break trip|"My boyfriend’s friend group is going on vacation for spring break with another group of girls and didn’t invite me. Ever since my boyfriend and I got back together after being broken up for a few months, his friends haven’t really been inviting me anywhere, and I even get ignored whenever I visit his house. I feel bad because I want my boyfriend to hangout with his friends, but it really hurts that I can’t join or become apart of his friend group again, especially since I lost a lot of my own girl friends this year and  won’t have any plans for break (I hardly have a social life at school to begin with as I struggle making friends). My boyfriend also told me that he doesn’t feel comfortable asking if I can come since he knows his friends don’t want me there. I don’t want to put him in a situation where he has to choose, so I don’t know how I should feel about it.

Tl;dr: My boyfriend’s friends have excluded me again from a trip but have invited another group of girls. I feel left out and hurt."|aubrey137x|False|https://redd.it/el1ail|2|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
el19wg|2020-01-06 22:11:37|Very confused, any advice would be great!|" tl;dr

Hey, i (26M) have been in a relationship for 6 years with a girl i genuinely love, i have never had my head turned during this time (of course my eyes have wondered before because i'm human, but cheating has NEVER crossed my mind) a new girl started at the place i work about a year ago and we got on like i have never got on with anyone before! she was like the female version of me.

I ended up being extremely attracted to her (not just in a sexual way but emotionally too) and she confessed to liking me in that way too, now because i love my girlfriend i didn't pursue anything because i thought maybe it was just that 'new person feeling' she left my work 6 months ago and we decided to go our separate ways and to not pursue anything, she was also seeing someone and lives far away from me. It's been 6 months and i still think about her daily, we don't see or talk any more which is fine btw.

What i need advice on is whether something like this feeling will pass? i know that nothing will happen with us so i can rule that out of any decision i make but i can't help think that if i have felt this strongly about someone else, is it time to end my current relationship? i also have to confess i have never felt that strongly in the 6 years we've been together, but my girlfriend has been nothing but amazing to me and has stuck by me through everything, i have been through quite alot. I honestly feel guilty writing this!

help please?"|Blatha93|False|https://redd.it/el19wg|2|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
ekk8d5|2020-01-05 22:37:52|Boyfriend lashes out at me when he gets jealous. Should I be understanding or is this a dealbreaker?|"Last night, I (30F) went home early and fell asleep and my boyfriend (33M) stayed out with some friends and came back to my place to sleep. 

I guess when he came home, he saw on my phone a guy had texted me “what are you up to?” at 230 am. The texter was a dude who was into me in college, and I literally haven’t seen/spoken to him in 5+ years. I also wasn’t even interested in him back then — nothing ever happened between us. 

I know my bf doesn’t know that, and In his mind, this is some yoked, threatening dude. I told him the facts, and he kinda lashed out. Brought up that I need to work out and that my legs need work (we’ve fought about working out before, I don’t really do it much, but i watch what I eat and do some light activity). Fyi, I’m 5’9, 145lbs...not fat by any measure. He apologized and said he was actually mad about the dude texting me, but I have no control over that and really don’t like that his reaction to it was to take a jab at me. 

In retrospect, not the first time. I one time mentioned a coworker had tried to kiss me once (before I even knew him) and his reaction was also to take swings at me personally (said something like “good for you, guess you can still attract old bald guys”)

Tl;dr bf saw a text from a dude I haven’t spoken to in years and lashed out at me, saying my legs need toning. Is this a red flag?

Edit: thank you reddit. You guys are amazing, a feedback loop I really trust because it’s objective and generally the people on here are intelligent and authentic."|Easteuroblondie|False|https://redd.it/ekk8d5|147|0.93|0|89|1|relationships
el0u58|2020-01-06 21:41:41|Mother(56F) is always complaning about whatever I do (20F)|"Honestly I am posting here because I am kinda sick of it.
I am 20 yo and she has always been like this. 


If I do x then she start bitching that I don't do it right and yell at me then she actually tries to do it instead 
For example I cleaned my room but she checked the day later and apparently it wasn't ""properly clean"" so she actually started cleaning without even asking. I am getting a new bed because mine is nearly broken and I was planning to clean better before I put into my room before it gets always dusty there.

She comments whatever I am wearing and hates some of my clothes for no reason, in the past she hid some and Idk where the hell she put them. Nothing too scandalous but if she doesn't like something then she complains about it on repeat.

She used to go through my phones and told me to unlock with an excuse like she had to call dad and her own phone didn't have credit etc without even asking.

When she goes shopping with my dad alone I nearly always tell her to not buy me stuff because a) I can get my own clothes just fine even she doesn't think so b)she doesn't always know what I like c)she hates some of the stuff I like d)I don't like it in general but she does anyway and forces me to try it. She starts whining until I actually try them on.

Like another example a few weeks ago she went out with dad and I told her that maybe I was going out for Nye but I didn't in the end. I had some nice stuff to wear anyway and didn't want to get anything new.

I CLEARLY told her to not buy anything but she spent +40 euros on legging, a pair of shoes and a dress. They were  both ok but I wasn't crazy about them and it was a waste of money because the shop sells cheap clothing and stuff etc
We ended up returning them both but not the shoes because they were fine and cheap etc

We went back of the shop but I didn't feel like getting anything new so I told her to get something for herself but she didn't want to. Also she told me she took 50 euros from my personal savings too to get me those things.
She tried to guilt trip me because ""what I was supposed to do with it"" and got very pissed off.

She does the chores in the houses etc so she checks through my closet etc and I can't hide anything. If she sees a journal she reads it so I did it in English for a while because she can't speak it or understand it at all, only a few words.

She also gives me unsolicited advice about my makeup, what I study or read or how I study or how I can't do anything right etc and hates the idea that I will leave one day.

How to approach this?

TLDR: Mother(56F) is controlling and gives me unsolicited advice about everything, buys me things I don't want and I can't hide anything from her. If I tell her to not do x she does it anyway and gets surprised if I get mad. She used to hide my clothes too and wants to do it again but I clearly told her not to even she hates some stuff.
I don't have a job and I am still in school (university) but I have another apartament where I could stay idk"|randomthrowawayy1223|False|https://redd.it/el0u58|2|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekpc49|2020-01-06 05:15:48|A guy I was seeing (32M) gave me (28f) chlamydia after 8 months on my birthday and I’m thrown|"I literally made an account to get some perspective here. I met a guy 8 months ago after taking a year off from dating completely on a dating app. We both discussed that rushing wasn’t really an option for either of us, my reason being I had just landed my dream job and was going to be traveling in and out of the rest of the year. His reason having a young son from a previous relationship and starting a new job as well. 

Time goes by and we txt regularly, meet up usually twice a month, and all around go on fun dates. We started having sex right around the fifth time we had seen each other and it was always protected... also great.

July comes and he hits me on the forth of July just to say hi, then days later sends me this long txt stating he just wants to keep things casual.... I said “cool, I thought that’s what we had always been doing?” My birthday was the next week and he asked to take me out. We got a little wasted and ended up having unprotected sex. 

This repeated a few times none of the other times had we been drinking but I had asked if he had anything or was he having unprotected sex with anyone else- both questions answered as no. 

I go to the gyno with some irritating symptoms that I assumed was a yeast infection.... it was the clap. I immediately started crying thinking I had possibly contracted from an ill fated night with an ex. 

Upon calling homeboy he proceeded to tell me that he had contracted it from a girl he had been seeing but had not since July. He and her had both had to go through multiple rounds of antibiotics to get it out. He apologized profusely and has since been hitting me up but some thought longer in my mind.

He never told me of his diagnosis in July. He never told me anything as it related to his sexual health. 

I almost feel like someone has punched me in the stomach, this person I thought was sweet and kind turned out to not give a literal crap about my health? 

Am I being dramatic or does he deserve a conversation about what his health class should have explained? 

TLDR: guy I was dating gave me and sti. Does he deserve the time of day?"|infected-inlb|False|https://redd.it/ekpc49|40|0.88|0|45|1|relationships
el0q3r|2020-01-06 21:33:59|What is the difference of controlling and respecting another person.|"
Hey guys! I wanted to hear your opinion on something. 

Is it seen as controlling if something makes you feel bad? 

For example if my boyfriend (M,28) is writing with his ex or meeting up with her and her family it makes me (F, 25) feel very bad and horrible and anxious. (Please don't go into the whole jealousy thing. It's not jealousy but I feel disrespected by her and a couple of other things happened) 

My boyfriend now would say this is controlling because I feel bad and he knows it and it gives him the option to do what he wants or respect my feelings. If he respects my feeling = I control him. If he doesn't = I feel bad. 

I don't really know what to do here. I think  I can feel however I feel and it's hard to change things like that. It has more something to do with respect and not controlling. That's at least what I think. But I can also understand his view. 

What do you think? 

TL;DR: Is respecting somebodies feelings being controlled by that person?"|science-tiger|False|https://redd.it/el0q3r|2|1.0|0|8|1|relationships
el0o7h|2020-01-06 21:30:20|Ex wants me to wait for her to get better|"Ex broke up with me because of her bad mental health, relationship lasted for 5 months. I was hurt by the break but understood why and was supportive of her getting help. She then tells me 3 weeks after the break that she misses me, and I said I did too but that's all. Then I asked her the next day if we would stay as friends or if we would somehow end up together again. She said that she couldn't be with me right now but said to please wait for her to get better. I then (foolishly?) agreed to this and now I'm just waiting I suppose. I don't know what I'm supposed to do in this situation and if talking to her would mean anything. So I am asking reddit if I made a mistake telling her this, and if maybe I am being led on or something like that. Either way the whole mental health thing is true and she really has been going through it lately. I do have feelings for her but I don't know what waiting means, how long, if I should still talk to her, or anything like that.

TL;DR I said I would wait for her but do not know what that means"|throwawayhachiko|False|https://redd.it/el0o7h|2|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
el0o6d|2020-01-06 21:30:16|Love but not in love? How do you know. What do you do?|"Sorry if long. 

Myself (37F) and my husband (38M) have been together for 12 years and married for 8 (no children)

Both have a history of depression/anxiety so I'm sure that contributes in some ways to this issue.

I love him. He makes me laugh. He's not abusive in any way. I don't know if I'm IN love anymore though. 

But. We have different expectations of spending time together. I get a cuddle and peck goodbye/hello/goodnight and he tells me he loves me but apart from that I get nothing. He doesn't believe married couples 'snog'. We haven't had sex in years (a combo of me being depressed then him being depressed) and both of us having body image issues - I definitely have the higher sex drive. He refuses to sleep in the same bed as me as he can't sleep as I'm too hot (temperature).

He's always been a gamer and I've been fine with it - I game too sometimes- but it's really ramped up and he barely speaks to me now. If I ask if he wants to watch a film or play a board game or something (things we used to do together a lot) he always says 'maybe tomorrow/next week cos I have to do this mission in my game'. He considers us being in the same room as spending time together even if he has his back to me playing and our 'conversation' being a few sentences every so often as he has a headset on. I disagree.

He has been out of work for a while (mental illness) and I'm trying to be supportive but he doesn't do anything around the house, he doesn't contribute any money and this is definitely contributing to things being strained between us. He refuses to go to the doctor or try to get help though. I feel like his mum, basically cleaning the house providing the money for his games/beer/cigarettes while he plays.

I want to DO more things together. Anything. Cinema, meals out, just sit and watch Netflix together! He is not interested in doing anything with me (or that's how it feels). I feel like he says he loves me but if he did wouldn't he want to spend some time with me?

I've tried to speak to him countless times from just saying the above - that I feel unloved, I need more affection. To straight up saying I feel like we're room-mates and I'm not sure I want this anymore. His response is always just he still loves me as much as ever and he'll make more effort. But nothing changes. Or he'll grab me and expect sex and doesn't understand when I say I need him to woo me a bit.

But at the end of the day I love him and he's not a bad guy so I'd feel like a terrible person for leaving him for..... no real reason? It's getting to the point where I wish he'd cheat on me so I'd have a reason for feeling this way. And I know his mental health is probably partially responsible and he supported me when I was at my worst which makes me feel like even more of a witch. I'm just lonely.

Any advice for how to move forward when he doesn't seem to register there's a problem?

TL:DR Feel like we're growing apart and don't know where to go from here. He's not a bad guy. Maybe I'm just too needy."|THROWRAaidemvram|False|https://redd.it/el0o6d|2|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ekyjdk|2020-01-06 19:03:12|My (21F) boyfriend (23M) drunk texted another girl on New Year's!|"hey guys, this is basically a throwaway account to make sure my friends don't find me on reddit. happy 2020!

basically, i was sleeping over at my SO's house one of the days **after new years**, went to check on his phone if he had deleted our explicit photos on his phone and to my surprise found a screenshot on new years of him saying how much he **""loves"" this girl and wants to be there for her. the message ended off with him telling her that he loves her and needs to delete this conversation.** 

shaken, i start to check all of his social media accounts found nothing suspicious and no form of chats were left behind except this screenshot (android phones are able to identify the source). i just went back and woke him and questioned him about this. the only answers i got was **""I was drunk texting her"".** 

following up to this, he told me that he had messaged her behind my back after seeing her at the mall one of the days after christmas and proceeded to message her after he left my place to kinda catch up with her . **the conversations were communicated on a platform that he doesn't use at all** after (super suspicious) and to find out that **he was ranting to her about our relationship when he hasn't even seen/spoken her in years!** 

he then proceeds to tell me that he was messaging her on new years eve at another party he was at (consciously) yet got high/drunk and continued to text her right before meeting me then deleted all evidence... (thus the screenshot came about) btw this was the 2nd time in a couple of months that he has reached out to another girl to ""check up"" on her and it irritates me as they were previously not in contact at all / not on speaking terms. 

i'm just appalled that he was ""aware"" and yet unable to stop himself before it was too late? this has left a void in our relationship and i dont know what i should do.. everything seems like excuses but at the same time i have no evidence on his or the other girl's messages  (tried asking for screenshots on her end, got nothing). we've been together for almost 3 years and it seems like he is genuinely sorry and i have sort of given him a second chance? i guess its partially because he hasnt left me alone to give me space to think and im probably in-denial about everything so far. am i overreacting or making excuses for him? what would be best for the relationship at this point in time... please do advice and leave your thoughts. 

thank you for reading this.. <3 

TLDR; boyfriend cheated on me during new years by drunk texting another girl that he loves her. what should i do?"|chonkychong|False|https://redd.it/ekyjdk|3|1.0|0|14|1|relationships
el0fd7|2020-01-06 21:13:27|How do I support my (23f) LDR boyfriend (26m) when we break up?|"I have been dating my boyfriend for four years, three of which have been LDR (although we see each other every month). Unfortunately we have reached a stage in our relationship where to move forward I would have to sacrifice my plans and basically put my life on hold and move out to where he lives (in an extremely small, rural town) for five years until his contract with his work is up. After a lot of reflection, I’ve realised that as much as I love him I am not prepared to spend my twenties just waiting for a chance to live my life how I want to.

When we got together, my boyfriend was still in college and severely depressed. Since then he has graduated, got a well paying job and now has his own apartment. He has few IRL friends but a supportive group of online gaming friends. He has told me before that when I am not physically there with him he feels really isolated. I am worried that when we break up he is going to be vulnerable and alone and I was wondering if anyone had specific advice on ways I could support and comfort him without leading him on? 

His family live about an hour away from him, but they’re not particularly emotionally sensitive.

If it makes a difference he was actually the one who brought up the possibility of breaking up if I was unwilling to move in with him, so I don’t think it will be a total shock. I am currently visiting him and I am planning on breaking up with him on the last day of my visit although I’m not sure if it would be better to let him settle in and do it over a call?? Everything I’ve read says it’s better to break up in person, but I worry it might make it worse for me to be physically leaving when we break up, bc it will be extremely unlikely that we will see each other again). 

TL;DR: I am worried my BF might spiral after I break up with him.  How can I support him while making it clear that our romantic relationship is over ?"|peacheemelons|False|https://redd.it/el0fd7|2|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ekpfsn|2020-01-06 05:25:03|My ex racially fetishized me. How do I stop feeling resentful?|"A few years ago I (24F) started dating this guy who I had mutual friends with. I was still in h.s and he was in college. I am japanese-american and he was white. We started talking more, and started hanging out together. I initially kept him in the friend zone and told him I just wanted to be friends, but the flirting was persistent. Looking back I was definitely depressed and had low self-esteem, so I agreed to date him because I felt like it was the only attention I could get.

Not long into the relationship, he started asking a lot of questions about my race. He would ask me multiple times ""what part of japan me and my ancestors were from"", and if I could teach him japanese even though he knew I was born and raised here and didn't speak japanese. He constantly tried to show off everything he knew about Asian culture, or relate any topic to japan. I always tried to change the subject and was a little bothered that he thought this would impress me or maybe show how much more he knew about my own culture than I do...? I have no problem with people being interested in my culture, but he always had this fervent, wide-eyed expression on his face when he asked about my race and did it ALL the time. I just brushed it off as him being awkward.

Later on, he started to make really stereotypical comments that made me extremely uncomfortable. Things about asian women's anatomy and inquiries about my body, how sleeping with one asian woman is no different than the others because we ""look the same"", and even asked me if I'd ""love him long time."" We also had a conversation where he tried to educate me on ""how asian women tend to really like white guys,"" how HE has always been ""really liked by asian women"" and kept asking my opinion on it. 

Because of these sexually charged comments I held off on intimate contact, and this irritated him. He started to (knowingly) pressure me really often, even though I would straight up say no and that I felt pressured. He just said I was making him feel bad and would tell ME that he wasn't pressuring me?? This went on for about a year and a half. 

(This just dawned on me) but initially he'd also emphasize how much younger I was than him (I think we were 4 or almost 5 years apart). He'd joke about how ""age is just a number"", how ""legal this \[dating me\] was"", and just randomly say stuff like ""wow I'm like almost 5 years older than you!"" like he was proud of it. At the time I just brushed it off on him being awkward and I'd always just respond with ""yeah..."" or ""uh..I guess""

I ended up breaking things off due to the constant pressuring. It wasn't until recently that I realized how gross the racial comments were. I'm still angry to this day that I didn't tell him off about how offensive those things were to me. When I told him I wanted to break up and why, he just said I was ""confused"" about the whole situation. It sucks because he's still friends with some of our mutuals who have no idea what he did and I've cut everyone off.

Idk the fact that he was somewhat predatory towards me and the whole racial thing still makes me feel so uneasy. I just didn't know what was happening to me at the time and feel angry at him and myself despite being content with my life presently. Has anyone had any similar experiences? :(

&#x200B;

TL;DR: My ex would constantly make predatory sexual comments about my race and age, and I just realized how truly offensive and gross they were. It makes me mad that he got away with this, and I can't stop feeling resentful."|throwaway29308590138|False|https://redd.it/ekpfsn|36|0.79|0|17|1|relationships
ekrt7k|2020-01-06 09:30:41|My friend (16F) is in a incredibly toxic and controlling relationship and want to convince her that she has to get out of it.|"Hello,  
My friend (16F) has been in a relationship for almost 3 months. Her boyfriend does not trust her, as he literally hacked her Discord account in order to completely follow any chats and calls she is in. He also destroyed her self-image and self-respect. She feels like she's dumb, useless, a coward and whatnot, and that she ruined the relationship by not always telling her boyfriend 24/7 everything she does, something he calls her out on all the time.

A week ago, she went back to spend time with me for positive energy (in her words), something she clearly is not receiving in her relationship. His boyfriend, tracking all my chats and calls with her over the past week, ""concluded"" yesterday that she was flirting with me (she wasn't). After their last dispute, her boyfriend literally said ""I'd rather move on but I can't let you go somehow"", along with insults. This person has problems himself as he had girlfriends cheating on him which most likely resulted in this hugely abusive and controlling relationship he created. My friend told me she had the worst day of her life yesterday as he was judging her, and that it's a blessing he still gives her a chance. Even now she has to keep secrets from him, like the fact he hacked her Discord account in the first place, among other things, in order to make the relationship ""work"". I told her all of this and she acknowledges that this is the truth yet wants to ""fix"" the relationship she thinks she ruined as she believes she loves him and feels there is nothing left for her otherwise, which obviously is not the case.

Tl;dr : Friend in very toxic and controlling relationship I want her to get out of. I need your advice.

I beg you Reddit to give me advice in order to convince her to get out of this abusive, toxic relationship.My apologies if this post isn't written properly."|ItsPerceval|False|https://redd.it/ekrt7k|15|0.78|0|8|1|relationships
el01ie|2020-01-06 20:46:53|I (26M) want to help my dad (74M) while still maintaining independence|"**Background**: I've had very little contact with my dad over the last 14 years after my parents divorced, and he abruptly left the country to stay with relatives. Other than a few birthday e-cards he had been pretty much unreachable, and we'd sometimes wondered if he had passed away until we could get someone to visit and check up on him. He seemed to live a sad life of self-imposed isolation but is also very stubborn and resistant to change. Financially he's been unemployed for pretty much my entire life and never paid my mom child support. Despite that I've wanted to have some kind of relationship with him as an adult before it was too late to. Most of my relatives have told me not to bother, and that I have to live my own life. I guess I wanted to understand better why everyone in our family seemed to hate him so much and to see if I could see myself in him. He's lived a difficult life in his own right (his own dad died when he was 6).

**Transition**: I stayed with my dad for about a month in 2018 to reconnect and offered him a place to stay in the US. He's a US citizen and would eventually have to come back anyway. Eventually he agreed and 6 months ago he moved in with me in a fairly high cost of living area. I left my job (for unrelated reasons) and it was great to be able to spend some extended time with him, but now I'm starting to question what my long-term plan for him should be. He neglected to handle pretty much every aspect of his retirement (delayed 7 years applying for Social Security, Medicare, naturalization name change, bank accounts, credit cards, etc), and since coming back I've had to personally handle these issues for him.

**Now:** Now he finally has a basic income ($800/mo SS), health coverage, a clean place to live, dentures, and a lot of other basics I knew he had just neglected overseas. I'm happy to see him live with a bit more dignity and with a sense of financial safety, but he's become dependent on me in almost every aspect of life. He doesn't know how to pay bills, manage his money, etc, and I have to drive him to most places since public transit is poor here and he can no longer safely drive. He's in reasonable health and of sound mind but just seems to avoid handling problems or learning anything new. It's become very frustrating for me to have to be saddled with this and I can't help but feel resentment over the burdens he's made me shoulder. I don't sense gratitude from him but a sense of entitlement. When I've asked him to handle an errand himself, he's said that I should do it for him simply because I am his son. We're Asian and so it's partly cultural, but he doesn't seem to have ever acknowledged how little he's done re: his duties as a father. He's also done little for my disabled brother.

I don't want to abandon him but I know the current situation isn't sustainable. In the new year I'm looking at finding a new job, dating, traveling, etc, and those things will likely take me to places where he can't follow. Someday soon I'll want to start my own family. I don't think it's right to neglect my own dreams/goals just out of a sense of filial duty, but I'm not sure what to do next. These are the only options I can think of:

1. Going back **overseas**. Likely a non-starter since he might lose his visa and will have to pay out of pocket for lower quality health care. He has almost no savings. But it's much more livable on his income ($800/mo) and he has extended family there who have helped him before. But he would rather be here since he knows he can rely on my help and has probably strained his relationships back home already.
2. Finding him a **condo in a LCOL area** in the US. I hesitate to have him live on his own due to his age and potential to have a stroke/heart attack without someone nearby to get him emergency help. Living with my mom and brother at home would solve that problem, but of course he refused outright to do that. My dream was to reunite the family under one roof again but I guess that was just a pipe dream for me. I could comfortably afford to buy him a small condo nearby my mom/brother, and right now that's looking like the best option.
3. Continuing to **live with/near him** in the same city. It would be very expensive but I could buy a larger home/house in the area I am now. But I don't know if I want to stay here long-term and I don't think it makes sense to make a life-changing decision with my life savings just to avoid a move/change.

He isn't in bad enough health that I think he'll need to be put in a nursing home anytime soon. I considered an assisted living facility but that would probably cost around $2000+/mo out of pocket, right? I've also looked into low-income senior housing in my area but it looks like the waiting lists would be at least 2-3 years.

Sorry for the long post; I guess I just need to vent a bit.

tl;dr: Reconnected with estranged, now elderly father and helped him get his life together. Not sure now what to do next but have three basic options. What option(s) makes sense? Am I missing anything? I'm leaning towards #2 but also worried about him living alone."|throwaway1978411|False|https://redd.it/el01ie|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
eky4pq|2020-01-06 18:34:31|I’m [F25] emotionally drained from my relationship with my fiancé [M32]|"I’ve been in this relationship for 5yrs, since I was age 20. We’re engaged. And I regret it. I look back and wish I had never gotten into it because now there’s so much wrapped up and entangled in this relationship that I really don’t know how to get out of it and cut ties. For all intents and purposes, I’m trapped and just playing the waiting game. I’ve also realised I’m gay but that’s another problem for another time.

I’m exhausted and drained, emotionally as well as physically. He constantly talks down to me, tries to make me look stupid and embarrasses me in front of other people, even people we don’t know in public. He always has to be right and god forbid I try to correct him or if I know even a little more than him on a topic, he flies off the rails and I end up being shouted at blamed that I “started it” and then he sulks like a child until I apologise. Sorry for being smarter or having more common sense, I guess?

I won’t show it or admit it to him but he does scare me at times. His eyes glaze over and go completely blank, as if there’s no soul behind them. As of late he’s begun to pull/grab my arms and hold me in place as he obviously has a physical advantage over me. I’m only 5”2. He does this even in public. My left arm is currently bruised. He says he doesn’t mean to and he doesn’t realise his own strength but I honestly call bullshit, I really do. Why? Because he’s told me many times that I annoy him to the point where he just wants to punch me. This last year or two he’s really started showing his true colours, being more forceful physically and just really venomous with then way he chooses to speak to me. As if I mean nothing. He also mutters under his breath, doesn’t listen to me, rolls his eyes at me, and calls me names when he thinks I can’t hear. Funny how he only does this when either of our family members aren’t around. He’s as nice as pie when we’re visiting his family or mine.

I don’t remember the last we had an actual conversation. He says we talk a lot but in reality he just talks and spits words at me while I sit there and nod my head unable to get a word in edgeways.

Come to think of it, I don’t remember the last time we had sex, either. Not that I want to, to be honest. I’m not sexually or romantically attracted to this person anymore. Sometimes I really don’t want a hug or a kiss from him, I don’t even want him to touch me or be near me, but he forces one on me anyway...

At the beginning of last year I started watching what I eat, portioning my meals and weighing certain foods as I calorie count to make sure I’m in a deficit to lose fat. I’m lost 3.5 stone so far and feel so much healthier for it. I’ve also just started working out too doing callisthenics and spin classes and have decided to join in on the Gymshark 66 challenge this year for the very first time. I’m really proud of myself and how far I’ve come. I’m starting to like my body and the way I look and I don’t feel as self conscious. But when I try to talk to him about any of this, he just looks at me as I’ve grown two heads and I’m speaking another language. He doesn’t care, that much is obvious. No compliments, no encouragement, no nothing. Occasionally he’ll comment that I’ve still got some weight to lose, that I’m still chubby/chunky or that I look bloated (as if I don’t know that and I can’t see it every time I look in the mirror). Way to make me feel like sh*t.

I pretty much just walk on eggshells around him, not knowing what’s going to set him off from one day to the next. It’s making my life a misery and I’m sure it’s the reason I’m starting to become more and more ill as time passes with random aches and pains, headaches, fatigue, insomnia and anxiety. 

I don’t know why I’m typing all of this. I guess I just needed to let it out somewhere as I sit in the bathroom wondering how and why the f*ck my life ended up this way, wishing I could turn back time and make a different choice.

Tl;dr: I’m stuck in a relationship and idk how to get out of it"|thrivingonjoy|False|https://redd.it/eky4pq|3|1.0|0|20|1|relationships
ekztnn|2020-01-06 20:31:51|I (25f) feel insecure about my boyfriend's (27m) relationship with his close female friend (2xf). Would it be crazy to ask to see their texts?|"I have been with Brad for about 6 months. We spend a ton of time together, and for the most part, I'm very happy with our relationship and see a future with him.  The only thing that gives me pause is his relationship with a friend of his, Ashley. 

He was transparent about their history from the beginning - they met on Tinder (as did we), casually dated/hooked up for about a month, until he decided that he was not interested in pursuing a relationship with her and asked if they could just be friends. She said yes but still had lingering feelings for him. This smoothed over once she started dating someone else, who she is currently with.

Since then, the two have developed a friendship and will do things like get lunch together sometimes, play board games with mutual friends (Brad always invites me), casual things like that. I have never noticed any appropriate or flirty interactions between them, but she has always been kind of cold and awkward around me. To be fair I'm sure she could say the same. It's just...kind of weird to me, honestly. 

The two text fairly often - oftentimes when his phone buzzes, it's a text from her. Again, I've never seen anything inappropriate. He is slightly protective of his phone, maybe because I'm always glancing over at his screen. Even though he has never been dishonest with me (that I know of), I'm worried that there could be more to their friendship that I don't see. Just due to the nature of their past. 

I want to ask him to look at their text messages for peace of mind, but he hasn't done anything suspicious and I'm worried he would get upset that I don't trust him or something. I really do want to but I feel like it's a big ask because of their history and their closeness. What do you think? Is there a better way to address my anxiety about this?

Tldr: My ex is close friends with someone he once had a romantic/sexual past with. He hasn't given me reason not to trust him, but I can't just get over the worry that their relationship isn't purely platonic. I want to ask to read their texts to be sure, but wonder if there's a better way to go about it."|jdkman238|False|https://redd.it/ekztnn|2|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
ekxqzb|2020-01-06 18:07:23|Boyfriend might NEVER want to move in together?!|"Maybe I’m being irrational, but I feel deeply mislead and hurt.

My [24] boyfriend [26] and I have just passed our one year mark. We have a healthy, happy relationship. Communicate and resolve conflict well, deep intimacy, make each other laugh. All the things. I’ve never been so in love or felt so completely comfortable with another person. I can be my whole self around him.

I’ve never been one to dream about settling down, but that changed when I met him. I knew from the beginning that I wanted to build a home together with him. I’m not interested in marriage or kids, but I do want a partner in life, and to me that means living together.

Last night I tried to talk to him about it, in very abstract terms. I said, “In the future — not tomorrow, not this year, but in the future — do you see us moving in together?”

He clammed right up and mumbled something about there being “a lot of obstacles.” When I pressed for details, he explained he has some anxiety about maintaining personal space, and our relationship changing. Which I feel (and I said this) are normal anxieties to have. Navigating personal space is just part of the process, and even though it would be challenging, it would be well worth it to me. 

I’m feeling really shocked and mislead. He is SO CLINGY! He never wants me to leave when I visit and I have to physically drag him out of my apartment when he visits. He always says stuff like, “just stay forever” and “I wish I could wake up with you every morning” and “you feel like home to me.” When we travel, he’ll muse, “I could see myself living here” and then shoot me his gooey I-love-you eyes. We have a running joke about him being my house husband.

They are tiny messages, but I have been interpreting them pretty strongly as signals that he would want to move in together one day. I just knew he would. I was 100% confident. I never considered for a second that he would react in the way he did.

So I’m shocked and heartbroken. I feel like I’ve been living in this fantasy relationship where I deliriously believed with all my heart and soul that we were on the same page. And now he’s slapping me in the face with this, “I don’t want to settle down, I don’t know what the future holds” talk.

When I pried further, he expressed that he’s just not in the same place in life as me, which is true. He’s older, but feels behind, because I’m coming into my career in a big city and he still doesn’t know what to do with his life and lives in his hometown. So I can understand that while this might feel like a rational next step to me, he still needs some personal space while he comes into his own.

I get it, I do. And I appreciate that he was honest with me.

But again, I’m not asking for right now. I’m asking about the future. The fact that he can’t give me a solid yes or no to the IDEA of living with me one day has me completely messed up. I wonder if I’m wasting my time. I’m flabbergasted that I was so wrong about how he felt. I’m feeling like I don’t know him, and can’t trust my gut anymore.

I’m a complete fucking mess! I feel angry and devastated one second, and then feel like I’m overreacting the next. Part of me just wants to pull away. How can I let myself get closer to him if our relationship is stunted at where it is right now with no hope of changing? How can I let myself get closer to him if he isn’t actually going to be my home?

TL;DR — Boyfriend of 1 year is unable to tell me whether he sees a future that involves us cohabitating and I’m lowkey distraught and unsure how to move forward."|gqgrace|False|https://redd.it/ekxqzb|2|0.72|0|9|1|relationships
ekxi0w|2020-01-06 17:49:25|I think my partner checked my phone without my permission|"Today my girlfriend (19F) and I (18F) were at my place and I went to the toilet (told her that it will probably take a little longer...). Unfortunately someone already was in the bathroom and the door was locked so I went back and I don‘t know why I even noticed but my phone didn‘t look like I left it before. She was all weird when I came back so fast and the atmosphere was strange as  well.

We talked about couples that spy on each other’s phones long time before and she (like me) showed total disgust and said that there‘s nothing that justifies violating your partners privacy in any way. 

I already plan confronting her but before that I want to be really sure that it wasn‘t just my imagination or whatever.

So.. what can I do? I thought about screen recording my phone when there is the next opportunity for her to check my phone when I’m not there but she would notice the red bar and I will not achieve anything. So there must be other ways but I just don‘t know what to do

(We’ve been together for 6 months now.)

TL;DR: partner checks my phone when I‘m not there (not sure though) and I don‘t know what to do."|LIZuwu|False|https://redd.it/ekxi0w|3|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekxhk7|2020-01-06 17:48:32|How do I (21F) explain to a guy (23M) I slept with that I’m only interested in a FWB situation?|"Alright I posted in a different sub like a week ago about this cute cashier I thought might be into me. A few days later he finally asked for my number, and when I gave it to him he called me less than an hour later. He asked a lot about me and my life, and we got to know each other a little more than just cashier-customer. We went out on Friday and then I invited him over to my place for some wine. We talked a little more and it eventually moved to the bedroom and he slept over. 

Since then he’s texted me a few times about how happy he is to finally have gotten my number and go out with me. He talks about “the budding of a new relationship” and as hot and great as he is in bed, I’m just not looking for that. I pretty much just change the subject, and I don’t know how to bring it up. I think he’s an awesome guy and wouldn’t mind hanging out and otherwise with him, but a serious relationship just isn’t for me at this point in my life. He’s been hinting at a relationship and it’s something that needs to be discussed sooner rather than later. I know it may not be what HE wants, so I don’t want to lead him on.
How do I bring this up organically without hurting any feelings?

TL;DR hooked up with a guy who seems to want a relationship down the line. How do I explain I would only be interested in a friends with benefits situation at this point?"|okpretzelsisthesame|False|https://redd.it/ekxhk7|3|1.0|0|11|1|relationships
ekzcjk|2020-01-06 19:59:23|She 22F didn’t give me 23M a straight answer and now I’m confused.|"
So Sunday night I 23M asked this girl 22F from my class if she’d like to study together for a test we have today. She said yeah and I got her number etc. I texted her and set up a time for yesterday evening at 7:30. 
We met at school at 7:30p and studied and talked a lot of course and I really felt like it was going well and we both had good exchanges and some chemistry etc. I figured as good as it seemed to be going, there was no way she would say no, as I felt like she was enjoying her self too. We got done at 11:15p and I told her on the way out, thanks for meeting, it was helpful blah blah and then said I’d like to get to know her better outside of school... when I said this, there was a little chuckle and like a pause for a second or two and she said, well, there’s church, xxxxx, xxxxx, xxxxx basically naming places outside of school. I guess I was expecting a yes or no, so this kind of has me confused if she’s down or if she isn’t down. I was going to text her after the test tmrw and say again, ‘The test went well thanks again for studying... look forward to doing church after break.’ FYI, we go to a christian university, so naturally we attend church, just not together obviously at this point.

I texted her this afternoon and told her the test went well and told her about a few of the chapters our professor put emphasis on. She replies with ‘Sweet!’ 

I then text her again and said ‘Good Luck!’ ‘Will shoot you a text after break and we’ll get together for church’

Her reply was, ‘Thanks!’ ‘Okay sounds good’ ‘Have a merry Christmas!’ 

And I said Same to you!!

How would y’all interpret her response? Would someone that wasn’t interested agree to study one on one and then talk about themselves and stuff if they weren’t interested and suggest a new place to go study after the building we were in closed for the night?

TLDR: I told a girl I’d like to get to know her outside of school and her reply left me a little confused"|throwout12886|False|https://redd.it/ekzcjk|2|0.71|0|13|1|relationships
ekyyu6|2020-01-06 19:33:47|A crush (M27) that I just can't seem to move on from (F22)|"I've known him since we were kids, since I was about 7 years old or so. He's one of my mom's friend's son who lives relatively close to us and would come everytime there's some family friend party.

I had a crush on him from the first time I saw him and still do to this day. I have never confessed to him, scared that if a relationship with him doesn't work out my mom's friendship will be awkward. I've had other boyfriends and he's had other girls friends to. We don't talk to each other much, we did talk a little more when I was in my third year university but fell short when I got busy with exams.

We talked when he had broken up with a gf of his, after my exams and a couple months he got a new gf. I try not to show him that I have a crush on him, I know he doesn't feel the same way to me.

We are also pretty different people, he likes the outdoors a lot. Hiking, rock climbing, backpack traveling, etc. Whereas I tend to like more luxurious and relaxation stuff, staying at home, cruises, simple walks that doesn't require intense gears, etc.

I've gotten his mom to like me, all the moms in the family friend group would try to matchmake their kids together. My mom told me my crush's mom would prefer if him and I were together. I liked that idea but also knew it was shallow love and I think he probably rejected the idea when his mom asked him about it.

We are both seeing other people but I dream about him so often, that we get together and I feel so happy but only to wake up knowing that it will most likely never happen. How do you get past this crush, I want to stop the dreams about him I feel I'm being so unfair to my current bf having such feelings for a crush that I still see during family friend parties.

TL;DR
Crush on a guy since childhood (age 7), we are both in relationships, I know we are not compatible, still dream about him leading to obsessing about him.
How do I stop having feelings/dreams about him?"|stacy_green|False|https://redd.it/ekyyu6|2|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
ekx3p4|2020-01-06 17:20:26|I, [21 M], do not want a long relationship with my GF [23 F]|"Hi all, first time posting somewhere like this. I've had a fun 8 months with my girlfriend, but I don't see our relationship going as far as she wants. I'm in college and she is as well, but I am dating with the mindset that this is a ""college"" relationship, and not my life partner.

I genuinely enjoy spending time with her, but there's little nagging pieces that I realize making a life with her is not what I want. I know that she would like to move in and everything in the future, and I don't really have any interest in that. We went on a trip together recently and whenever I would mention getting an apartment, she would mention how the cost would be cut in half with two people living there. She has made small jokes in the past about us breaking up, half-sarcastic, that I would break up with her at any time because I put more into the relationship than she does (that is her words, not mine). I don't mind the jokes but I genuinely don't want a LTR and don't want to crush her feelings by leading her on in the future.

Our relationship began as a date or two, and wasn't supposed to be nearly as long as it was now. I had talked to her when we first officially started dating, saying I really wasn't looking for anything long term.

There is one problem I have with breaking up with her. She has had some difficult family problems since the week of us starting to date, and I've kind of been there for her since. If I haven't been here, she might have gone off the deep end. I kind of feel responsible for her emotions, even though I shouldn't be, especially when we are breaking up. In addition, even though she has made the jokes about breaking up in the past, I fear that she would be totally taken by surprise.

How should I break up with her? I haven't broken up a real relationship in years, so I'm a bit rusty. I don't want to totally take her by surprise but I don't want to delay it and have her grow even more emotionally attached to me. I'm usually friends with my exes but I don't see that happening with this relationship, but I still don't want to be a **jerk**.

Thanks in advance for any help.

TL;DR: I want to break up with my girlfriend because I don't want a LTR but I know she does, and I want to break it off before she gets too attached. How can I do this without crushing her out of nowhere?"|ehimcanadianeh|False|https://redd.it/ekx3p4|3|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
ekx26w|2020-01-06 17:17:32|I don’t think my new boyfriend is funny|"Ive (25F) been dating a new guy (29M) for about 4 months now. We’ve gotten to the point where we’ve both said we love eachother. We’ve met eachothers family’s and we’ve been on a vacation together. 

During our last fight he angrily said that I don’t laugh enough and I don’t seem like a giddy happy person. I’ve never had anyone say this to me before. I actually usually hear the opposite- I joke too much or I’m too obnoxious and should take things more seriously. This comment from him made me feel like he doesn’t know me at all. It also made me feel like he’s comparing me to other people who maybe have thought his sense of humor is funnier than I do.

When I thought about it I realized that he says a lot of things or shows me things that I don’t think are funny. I feel like we have different types of humor. But I also don’t feel like I’ve been able to be as free and comfortable to be goofy and share what I think is funny yet because I’ve only known him for 4 months. I’ve had relationships where we shared a sense of humor right away but I was hoping that although this isn’t the case with my new relationship, that we’d eventually learn more about what makes the other laugh.

TLDR: my boyfriend and I don’t make eachother laugh as much as past partners. Has anyone had successful relationships that started with an awkward phase of figuring out eachothers humor. Is not having the same sense of humor from the beginning a tell tale sign that you won’t ever find common ground?"|troubledthrowaway9|False|https://redd.it/ekx26w|3|1.0|0|19|1|relationships
ektmu9|2020-01-06 12:39:49|I believe my husband feels a need to be superiority to his partner|"I hope I have found the right community to ask for advice and general feedback. I do not need another troll to harass me or judge me. I am looking for more than a one liner response that implies I’m an idiot for getting into this situation. 

When I met my husband four years ago, I was unemployed and still trying to figure out what to do with my life. I was 26 and had gone down a bad path with my ex boyfriend who smoked weed everyday and by association I had been smoking weed almost everyday for four years prior to meeting my current husband. I knew I had some kind of mental illness but I could not figure out what the problem was. I talked to counselors who didn’t really help. I went through bouts of depression which I sought to heal through relationships with men. I was able to pay rent through webcamming. 

That is how I met my current husband. I had already left my ex boyfriend and was at the lowest point of my depression. I was searching for a career that I would finding meaning in. The importance of self reliance has been instilled in me since I was in high school. And yet I hadn’t yet been able to find an aspiration that i could stick with . I had entry level jobs like merchandising which made me feel good because at least I was doing something other than camming, but I was still dependent on it to pay for rent because minimum wage jobs just weren’t enough. I was trying to set aside time to write because that was what I wanted to do then, and a minimum wage job wouldn’t allow me to have time to write. I was also doing volunteer work to build up a resume because I was considering going into a masters in social work. 

That is when I met J online. He was in the middle of a divorce. His wife hadn’t signed the papers yet and hadn’t moved out. She was traveling, which was when he took the time to Skype chat with me. Within a month he asked me to see him in person and he was telling me he was falling for me. Anyone would say that’s a fast process but for me it was exciting because I was depressed and lonely. However I knew there was a level of crazy to it and that is why I became angry with him over time for pushing our relationship. On our first meeting he arranged to stay in my town for a week or so and planned activities we could do. We just ended up having sex all day for the first couple days in between going out to restaurants and movies. I had told him I wanted some personal space to get some work done. We both knew I didn’t have much to do but I felt the need to set time for myself because I felt like my time wasn’t being valued, like I was being treated like an escort so to speak. It was like “you don’t have anything better to do so why don’t we spend the entire week together and I could stay at your place”. I had convinced him to stay at a hotel but I knew he would want to stay with me. The problem was I couldn’t give any good reason not to let him. He was attractive, the chemistry was good and there wasn’t anything wrong with him except that he was moving too fast and which seemed to say something more about him than his interest in me. He told me he loved me the first night we were together.

We had a lot of fights based on him moving too fast. our first was during that week. I had kicked him out in the middle of it because he took it upon himself to clean my house and then asked me if the junk in my closet could go in the garbage. After that, he contacted me on Skype and cried and said he was sorry. We made up. 

We broke up again because I told him I needed space. He was asking that i make changes in my life that I could not do. He told me he would give me money for rent if I stopped webcamming. I said I can’t depend on him for everything I need. Self sustenance was important to me, regardless of how I was achieving it. It would still be better than relying on one person. Still I knew I could not cam forever and I wanted to pursue a career so I let him give me rent money for a month. He seemed happy to give it. After a while I noticed things about him that were already obvious from the start. His need to control conversations and not really caring what I had to say was a dealbreaker so I told him I wanted a break. During that break I had applied to a teaching school, which I wasn’t happy with, then I applied to a social work program. He was texting me all the while and then a month later it seemed like he had chilled down so i asked to see him again . He told me this time I had to go see him where he lived. That was a plane ticket away. Things were okay except he had kept all his things from his first marriage, pictures on the wall, etc. it was really weird to me that he hadn’t gotten rid of anything. So I left for a while and came back after a few weeks.

I found out he had dated two women within that month and slept with one. He told both of them he was in love with them. This was on his text messages. He said they didn’t compare to me but I left, feeling hopeless and suicidal. I was going to start a social work program and he had told me he didn’t want to do long distance. If I wanted to stay with him I would have to give that up and settle with a program in his area, which meant I’d have to wait another year to apply. I felt manipulated. All those things he had said to me made me feel like he really cared and loved me and yet he was willing to throw me out of his life because I wanted to go to a good school. I was attached to him and by then I felt codependent. I couldn’t go home and be alone anymore. So I gave up the program to be with him and applied for an online program. It was really the worst program I could have enrolled in and I became disillusioned with the entire field. 

Then we got married and we had a baby. Of course that changed everything. All the while I was enrolling in accounting classes online and trying to write because I didn’t know what to do with my future. I fought with my husband every other day until one day, it was too much. I went to  a psych and asked for medication so I would stop being angry. She told me there was no obvious sign that I had a mental illness but I told her my husband thought I was bipolar. She gave me lithium. I spent two years experimenting with drugs before I found one that helped. However that hasn’t made everything better. Primarily, what he says to me to make me angry hasn’t changed. 

My daughter is in school and I use that time to study. Yet my husband jokes that I’m using that time to relax. I have told him multiple times that it upsets me when he says this. I work hard at everything I do. There is a possibility that some of my interests are built on manias , and so I end up giving them up because they are not genuine interests. They only seem to be so for a couple months. I took up photography for a year and was very diligent with it , but in the end I realized it was not something I could see myself doing as a job my whole life. Was it a manic episode?? I don’t know. I just know there are many aspects of it that don’t suit me and wouldn’t be able to support myself with it anyway. I had to try it to know I couldn’t do it. I have moved on to video editing which is more aligned with my personality. I feel like every failure is a way to reach success. People are always switching careers. There are people who go into med school at the age of 40.

Yet my husband has never taken me seriously. The way he sees it I never stick to anything. He’s known me for 4 years of my life. I feel like he doesn’t know me at all. I work hard at everything I do, I give it my all. He makes enough money for 5 people and then some- it’s not like he needs me to contribute financially. He knew where my life was when he met me and he didn’t seem to have a problem with it then. At 26 if I hadn’t found myself he should know it would take some time for me to get back on my feet. He also ended up with a woman who was similarly lost in his first marriage - they were together for 15 years and she only ever held part time jobs that she would quit every other year- , and his first girlfriend was suicidal, and his second had dropped out of grad school so there is a pattern that he pretends not to see. I believe he deliberately chooses women who are flailing at life because he enjoys dragging them down. He’s never supportive. He’s rude and judgemental and gets in the way of my goals. People need stability to get on their feet. He offers it initially and then he insults me, tells me he wants a child with me and then wonders why I can’t get a career in the middle of the suburbs where there is nothing for me. I told him even when I do reach the skill level necessary to get a job, I will still have to wait until we move closer to the city. He knows that, and yet he holds it against me, because he can work from anywhere. 

Everything about my husband makes me feel doubtful about him. This is not a supportive relationship. There is plenty more which I haven’t covered because it would be pages long. I do not trust him and I resent him. Yet I’m dependent on him and I want it to work. I don’t think anything will change when I end up working. If anything it will give me a reason to leave.

TLDR: my husband jokes that I am relaxing when my daughter is in school when In reality I’m working hard to get into a career prospect that suits me. It really upsets me because work ethic is extremely important to me and I feel like for this reason he doesn’t even know me. He will continue to make these jokes because according to him he just slips up and doesn’t think. I’ve told him to stop multiple times already. This is a dealbreaker situation and it makes me want to leave him."|relationshipadvic3th|False|https://redd.it/ektmu9|6|0.69|0|10|1|relationships
ekrl9g|2020-01-06 09:06:07|My [27F] boyfriend's [32M] constant talk about his fetish is turning me off.|"TL;DR - unsure if I'm too sexually incompatible with my partner who can't stop himself from inflicting his fetish on me, despite me repeatedly asking him not to after trying it a few times. Also unsure if I can get past feelings of resentment about it. I'm not sure if certain words are flagged which is why I've used these ^ If they do something to the text I'll edit it after posting.

  I just saw the post from the guy with the diaper fetish and it's prompted me to post this. In part I hope he sees it because it might tell him how his girlfriend feels. 

  Alright I have spoken to a friend about this, she says it's just a kink. I'm calling it a fetish though because to me, if it was just a kink it wouldn't be something he ""needs"" or that he keeps trying to force on me. 

  During sex, my boyfriend of 16 months wants me to act and speak to him like he doesn't satisfy me and like I can't wait for him to finish so that I can go find a real man who can satisfy me. He wants me to make up stories about going to bars and basically telling some random guy that I want to f^ck, and then give him explicit details about what I'd supposedly do to this guy or have him do it to me. He apparently only wants this in fantasy, not in real life.

  I told him right from the start that I might be able to do it occasionally for him, but I am not into it. I did try it once, didn't like it. He gave me tips for what he thought I could improve, a few weeks later I tried again and I liked it even less. I asked him to please not ask me to do it again. 

  Well, that was a few months ago and despite me repeatedly asking him not to, he still... inflicts it on me. Is that too harsh a word? That's how it feels. He'll ask me questions he wants me to answer. ""Where did you go on the weekend? What did you do? How many guys did you f^ck?"" At first, I answered flatly, or just by saying ""yep. No I didn't do that. Uh-huh."" hoping that my lack of interest would be a hint. But that's all part of his fetish, for me to act bored and uninterested. I put up with it because he literally lasts less than a minute once he starts this.

  By now, it feels violating. He **knows** I don't want this. He **knows** I get turned off for real. I've asked him multiple times to not do it, yet almost every single time, he does it. When he doesn't do it, he still seems to enjoy having s^x with me, but I'm at a point now where the thought of him touching me, even just holding my hand, makes my skin crawl.

  Honestly, I've thought about this and this is the only way in which he disrespects me and doesn't listen to me. Everything else is good. I don't even know what I want to ask here. Is there a way I can get him to stop, and should I? Sometimes I feel like this is so disrespectful and violating of him that I should just end the relationship. To be clear - I've never shamed him for having this fetish and I don't think it's wrong or weird. It's just not for me."|shaymccool|False|https://redd.it/ekrl9g|14|0.81|0|17|1|relationships
ekyl2f|2020-01-06 19:06:35|I(20m) am texting with a girl (20f) but I can't understand what her intentions are|"There's this girl I've been knowing for 5 years now, we went to the same high school and live in two very closeby towns in northen Italy, a 10 minutes car drive apart. We met while taking part to some extra-school activities together and ended up in a small friends group with which we hooked up once in a while, so we got the chance to spend some time along and know each other.
I always had a thing for her, but at the time she was in a long and stable relationship and after a while I started seeing another girl too.

Fast forward to now: we both applied to uni and moved to two distant cities (200 km, meaning 125 miles) so we don't see each other as much as we did before, even though we come back home every once or two weeks (iirc we met 2 or 3 times since 2018), but we texted from time to time. This situation went on until last October, when she started texting me and we actively chatted for something like two weeks. From the way she was writing and the things she was telling me I kinda got the impression she had returned single, but I didn't ask. In the end I made a silly, silly joke to dip my toes into the possibilities of flirting and she left me on Read for two months. I thought she maybe didn't like the flirting thing (or the joke that went with it, it was really bad lol) or that she had simply forgot about it, but I didn't feel like taking the risk, shrugged it off with a (painful) laugh and went on with my life. Some time later a mutual friend told me she left her boyfriend at the end of the summer.

Then last Christmas she replied to one of my Insta stories and we started chatting. I wanted to see if I could ask her out for a drink with the old buddies and jokingly suggested we could have met in a library to study for our winter exams instead (she went for the library option right away but stupid me wasn't sure if it was worth it or not and let it drop). When we shared our new's year eve plans she acted enthusiastic towards mine, but said she had been organizing the night with other friends. Anyway she told me that if after the exams period I were to plan another party of such (meaning my friends and random friends of my friends, for a total of 15 people, nothing extraordinary) she would have liked to come. I told her I could throw one in the city where my university is (implying she would need to sleep at my place) and she said that she was looking forward to it and that she really wanted to be invited. At that point I was sure she was pointing to my family jewelry, but then the unexplicable happened: she asked me if I had seen this new movie that's out on the theaters, I told her I hadn't, asked her if she wanted to go see it together, she told me she had just finished watching it and she left me on read after I asked her how it was. It's been 3 days now. 

I'm pretty sure I'm not seeing things that couldn't be there, and many friends who know both me and her told me it looks like she wants to go on some kind of date indeed, but I'd like to have a totally neutral advice from you: why do you think she is acting like this and what should I do in your opinion?

TL;DR: A girl I know keeps starting conversations with me online where she genuinely seems to show interest in me, we text for a while, then everytime she leaves my messages on seen. I can't understand what she's looking for, nor I know what I should do."|Drobex|False|https://redd.it/ekyl2f|2|0.75|0|1|1|relationships
ekyhg2|2020-01-06 18:59:25|My (19M) sister (24F) has fallen into a spiral of self-doubt and self-pity, and I don't know how to help.|"Let me start this post off by saying that my sister is very dear to me, we grew up in a very toxic household and she was the only person (I felt) I could talk to at the time. I am currently on break (have been for the past month or so) from school and am going back in about a week. My sister has always had problems with anxiety and depression. She has also never had a time in her life where she was not struggling financially, and I do believe that her current financial situation is a huge  contributor to her feeling this way. 

She has an amazing spirit and she is one of the funniest people I know. Seeing her like this tears me up inside. She has been trying to find affordable efficient therapy but it does not seem to be helping. I know that me trying to help talk her through her thoughts and emotions or me giving her guidance does not work because it always ends up sounding like I am patronizing her. 

It truly pains me to see her like this, and unfortunately I am not financially stable enough help her through her struggles, I know that this post was fairly vague and if it would I help I could create a much longer one going into specific details, but I was just hoping for any sort of help on what I could do to help her through this.

&#x200B;

tl;dr  Sister struggling financially and is confused and stuck in her life and I don""t know how to help"|Throw_away_acc00988|False|https://redd.it/ekyhg2|2|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
ekycmu|2020-01-06 18:49:58|I (24M) want to text my ex (23F)|"We were best friends in high school, and went to different universities but were always visiting each other. We “dated” for 2 years but talked literally everyday for 4. I haven’t had daily contact with her since I was 21... 

We’ve grown since then. The issues we had in the past seem so trivial now. Basically, I feel more mature. I have no idea what she’s doing in life. I deleted all social media except reddit, and only have her number. 

Is it really a terrible idea to check how she’s doing? It’s hard to explain, but I want to know for some reason. I’m not in love with her anymore, but a part of me still cares I guess. 

Any advice is appreciated. Any.

TL;DR It’s been 3 years since I stopped dating my ex. She texted me 4th if July, 2019 and that’s the last time we spoke. I want to check on her. Help me out here on why I should or shouldn’t"|TwotonePatek69|False|https://redd.it/ekycmu|2|0.75|0|7|1|relationships
ekwdh7|2020-01-06 16:28:57|My (30f) partner (33m) is wonderful and kind and loves me very much but I feel like some important things are missing from the relationship and I don’t know what to do anymore|"We’ve been together for over 3 years. He couldn’t be kinder to me and he’s very in love with me. I love him and care for him very much but I feel like some important things are missing and I don’t feel excited about our future together. I don’t know if I can bare to break his heart and end the relationship, but the guilt of knowing I feel this way is eating me alive.

He’s aware I feel this way and we’re in couples therapy.

To give an idea of the things that I feel are missing:
-we have very different values surrounding work. I’m very ambitious and work is not a big value of his. He’s very content and self-identifies as not ambitious. I used to just love him and not care but it’s really made me lose excitement for our future.
-he’s also very shy. I get kind of nervous to introduce him to my friends and bring him out. I feel incredibly guilty for feeling this way.
-he’s also more of a chill at home person while I wish we were out doing more things.
-honesty is another value that is different. I really value honesty and he’s told a few lies throughout our relationship including lying about his work and financial situation early in our relationship.

Am I a horrible person for feeling this way? Has anyone else been in this situation before? I feel paralyzed by guilt, fear, and sadness and don’t know what to do anymore.

TLDR my partner is wonderful and loves me very much but I’m not happy due to some things that are missing that I’ve realized are really important to me in a life partner. I’m paralyzed by fear and guilt and sadness and don’t know what to do anymore."|ohheyimhere9|False|https://redd.it/ekwdh7|3|1.0|0|20|1|relationships
el1gof|2020-01-06 22:24:41|My [35 M] mom [71F] has basically given up on life.|"tl;dr: I offered to move back home for a month to focus on my mom's health and help her break her unhealthy habits. She responded with ""I just don't see any reason to make tremendous efforts to improve my health.  What really do I have to live for?""

Background: I have a good relationship with my mom, and she really likes it when I spend time with her. 

My mom has always been stubborn and has never been focused on her health. The result is that she has successfully driven herself into a rut of bad habits. She's been smoking since she was 13. She mostly eats crackers & bread. She never exercises. When she was younger, her health could take the abuse. Not anymore.

I was home for a week for Christmas, and I really saw how she has deteriorated and know that she's on a downward trajectory. Women in my family live long healthy lives. My great grandma lived to 100. My grandma to 97. My mom should have decades still, but she's now about as physically capable as her 95F aunt. I only see two ways to break the cycle: she moves into a retirement home or either my brother or I move back in.

That's when I decided to suggest a proposition to her: I move back in for a month to help her seriously focus on her health. I gave her this proposal knowing that she really wants me to spend more time at home (I live a long way away and my mom doesn't like to fly). I thought she'd at least consider the offer. Within a few hours, while I was on the way to the airport, I got this email:
> Both you and [my brother] have carved out new lives for yourselves.  I am delighted to see you both happy.  At the same time. it seems that there is no room for me in your new lives.  It's OK--that's what happens.  But now, there is little reason for me to continue to want to live  I have no partner and no children in my life.  . Several times I have thought that you would be better off if I weren't alive.  In such an instance, you would not have to be concerned as to how I am doing and/or feel guilty because you're not attending to me.. Also,financially, you would be much better off.  Thirdly, I don't want to go through the long suffering that my mother experienced, as she became weaker and weaker.  Don't be concerned;  I am not going to commit suicide.  I just don't see any reason to make tremendous efforts to improve my health.  What really do I have to live for?

I really don't know how to respond. Should I consider her severely depressed? She's a psychologist, so it's awkward for me to say ""you should see a therapist"". Should I consider her simply lonely? Should I consider the response just the conclusion of a rational calculus where her hedonistic streak won out? Any suggestions for how I should respond are appreciated."|ThroThroThroAwaaaay|False|https://redd.it/el1gof|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
ekwbrj|2020-01-06 16:25:18|My [F20] friend [M38] is creeping me out|"I need some good old advice. I hope people are going to be nuanced, because I genuinely feel the situation is nuanced, at the same time I could just be biased and in denial. So please just tell me what you guys think.

Five years ago I was a dumbass; I was fifteen. I was SO mature for my age (eye-roll) and therefore I guess I felt it was reasonable for me to talk to guys way older than me, because guys my own age were obviously way too immature. That was my mindset back then. I dated this guy who was five years older than me, which was inappropriate but it didn't really ""traumatize"" me, and I'll cut him some slack because when we initially met I told him I was seventeen. Although it's inappropriate it just *is what it is*. Our relationship lasted 3 years (My parents knew about it and accepted it, they're from a different cultural context which might explain why)

Back then I had a math tutor, which is the friend \[M38\] in question. The interesting thing is, he'd always tell me how inappropriate my then boyfriend was for dating someone underage. He's not wrong. Once again, I was so dumb back then and I didn't have the same boundaries I have today, so I would purposely make the encounters with my tutor somewhat sexual. It never actually went *that* far, but we'd exchange questionable texts and snapchats. I was never attracted to him, I just wanted attention. I think it's completely messed up, but I don't feel traumatized because I was the one who continuously pushed the boundaries in both of my relationships. I do however feel super grossed out, and honestly as I'm writing this and I'm stating the verbatim facts I'm realizing that it really is super gross.

Long story short. I got into an accident when I was 18 and it completely changed my life. I'm okay today, but I'm a very different person and I've also gotten a lot older. I've been single ever since the accident, and I now only date guys my own age. I see things differently now. I still talk to my old math tutor now and then and we're actually *friends*. So here's the thing. I recently became aware that he's seeing this girl, who's 20 so she's a consenting adult, but I suspect they've had a relationship going on for longer since he also used to tutor her. The issue is, this girl is completely messed up and he'll often send me explicit NSFW texts about their sexual encounters, but things went way too far the other night when he sent me NSFW pictures of them. I freaked out, because not only did I really not want to see those pictures, but I just felt so bad. It's hard because she's an adult, but when I saw those pictures, I just ... I couldn't help but just notice how young she looked, at honestly this whole situation is just making me feel ill. He often tells me about her mental issues, and I just can't help but feel there's a power imbalance. He also seems like a sad individual, so the whole thing is just sad.

Times are changing and I just feel grossed out. I'm sorry if this post is too much rambling, but I just can't make sense of all the feelings I have about this situation.

What I do? Is it best to just cut off the friendship? He's a nice guy despite all of this bad judgement and I just wish I could give him a wake-up call. At the same time, I mean she's a consenting adult so what do I say? There's nothing illegal, at the same time I want to tell him that he should've had better judgement when I was fifteen. It's weird because I do consider him an actual friend and I guess I don't want to lose the relationship.

Lol can someone help me make sense of all of my feelings?

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\*\*Tl;DR\*\*

My former math tutor and now friend is creeping me out for dating someone way younger than himself and I don't know if I should call him out and end our relationship or try to call him in and explain why it's creepy."|throwawayfriend24|False|https://redd.it/ekwbrj|3|0.8|0|14|1|relationships
el1d57|2020-01-06 22:17:50|Old best friend [f25] deleted me [M25] when she got into a new relationship. It's been 6 months since.|"Just typing up something quick, long story short is;

Online friends since teenager's
Feelings on both sides made things weird a few times.
Had a couple falling outs.
Started chatting and being friendly about a year ago.
She deletes me from our main form of communication
I find out it's cause she got Into a few relationships, so I respect and do not reach back out.


It's been over 6 months since then. Is there any way to approach this in a respectful and healthy manner?

Or is it solely on her to decide if she wants to talk again?

TL;DR, old best friends wit mutual feelings got weird. She kinda ghosted when she got into a relationship. 6+ months later, is there anything I can do?"|EthanolRosin|False|https://redd.it/el1d57|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
el1cgm|2020-01-06 22:16:30|should i break up with my boyfriend?|"hey. we’re 8 months together now. i’m female/18y old and he’s 18 years old too. i really don’t want to loose him, he is so great, that’s why this question is keeping me awake at night. our sex was never good (we’ve talked about it a lot, it doesn’t seem to be his fault tho because i don’t have a sexual desire for other men either) and now we don’t  have sex at all. but it’s not like we’ve ever had it a lot. even during infatuation, we never had a lot of sex. and i often feel anxious when hes around, i always fear that we’re going to argue (although we don’t argue often) or that it could get boring.  i just don’t feel relaxed with him. and i just don’t know why??? he literally is so sweet and caring. is it really because i dont love him anymore or could there be other reasons? i don’t understand what’s wrong with me. i fear losing him so bad. i’m literally afraid to break up, i don’t want to regret it. what do i do now?

TL;DR: i’m afraid to break up w my boyfriend because i don’t wanna lose him but i have no libido and feel anxious around him."|floebd|False|https://redd.it/el1cgm|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
el1al3|2020-01-06 22:12:52|I feel as if everything I did and said last year meant nothing at all to her|"I've (M19) known this girl (F19) at my uni for about a year and a bit now. We have great chemistry and enjoy being with each other . Over the course of our friendship , I developed feelings for her . 

I was about to finally ask her out tomorrow but after what I've been told , I've decided to leave it 

We went out with some mutual friends on Thursday and there was a time in the evening where I and some guys weren't there . The girls asked her if she likes me more than a friend and she reacted with a sort of ewww face and said no , we're just friends. She told them that she wasn't looking for a relationship but she cares about me alot .

She then explained how everyone thinks (even her mom) that we would end up a couple but she doesn't think so . She said that she is convinced I don't have feelings for her even though she thought so before . She told one friend that she might have felt as if she did but she doesn't now .

A friend of mine said that it seemed as if she is into me but her pride and ego hold her back . We have flirted a lot , touched a lot , we constantly tease each other and when it's a group situation , she always sits next to me . She even dropped hints of people not making a move on her when they should've . When we played never have I ever , she drank to a question about finding someone attractive in the room when she knew no one else but me there. She even told me once that her mother really likes me and that is a good thing . 

I get that she came out of a relationship at the end of 2018 so maybe she is still trying to find herself again but im not going to be here waiting for her  

I got all of the flirting signs wrong . I feel as if I was giving her too much attention to begin with and she just took it for granted . No hard feelings against her but I thought we might of had something , just suprised that when she was questioned she considered me nothing despite me helping with studying , our short film and to the point where even my family liked her .

TL;DR : I was about to ask this girl out tomorrow but I learn through some mutual friends of mine that she doesn't feel the same way despite us having good chemistry , flirting a lot and enjoying each other's company , it was all nothing to her"|idontknowwhybutokay|False|https://redd.it/el1al3|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
el18bo|2020-01-06 22:08:39|Has he not moved on emotionally from his ex-wife?|"I (36F) have been dating my (ex)boyfriend (48M) for about a year and three months. We were friends and got to know each other for about a year before anything romantic happened. I fell for him (let’s call him PK) hard, and truly believe that he loves me too. We recently had a major argument and are “taking a break” / broken up. The argument was about his relationship with his ex-wife (let’s call her AY). 

The first time that I felt uncomfortable about AY (his ex-wife) was very early in the relationship when PK (my ex-bf) made a comment that he “always falls for XYZ type.” Ewwww, he compared me to his ex, which I’m actually nothing like from what I can tell. At the time, I didn’t say anything because we were just starting out and could let it go, as long as it didn’t become a pattern. 

The next time AY was an issue for me was about 4 months later. We were visiting PK’s mom and although I had already met her, it was the first time that I was at her house. His mom mentioned that AY had called to wish her a happy bday. PK then casually mentioned that he was going to see AY during an upcoming work trip. I felt sooooo uncomfortable — at his mom’s place for the first time, just learned that his ex-wife maintains contact with his mom, and just learned that he was going to see his ex-wife in person. Imagine visiting your new partner’s parents and finding out that their ex-spouse is still a constant presence in their life. Am I crazy to have felt uncomfortable? 

I quietly excused myself to take a breather in the bedroom. Later on when we were alone, I told PK that it bothered me and he reassured me that I had nothing to worry about. And I believed him. 

Months went by and it didn’t come up. Once I saw AY’s name pop up on his phone while we were sitting on the couch. He has never hidden it from me, and I’ve never looked through his phone or anything like that. Yes, I do trust him to not physically cheat on me, but it feels like he never emotionally divorced his ex-wife. A few days after I saw her name pop up on his phone, I told him that it made me feel uncomfortable that they are still so close and communicate so frequently. He told me “don’t worry about it”. 

The recent fight that led to the break was because I felt super anxious about going to PK’s mom’s house for the holidays because I imagined us sitting around and all of a sudden getting a call from AY. Yes, this was just my imagination, but I felt anxious and unfortunately I expressed this to him in anger. We ended up not spending the holidays together. 

According to PK, he rarely reaches out to AY but does respond when AY contacts him. They apparently communicate a couple times per month “sometimes more, sometimes less” (verbatim from PK’s mouth). AY asks PK for advice, they share funny things, just check in….whatever, I really don’t know the topics or tone of their communications, this is all based on what PK has told me. 

From my perspective, it feels like one or both of them still has feelings for the other. It’s different to be friends than friendly. They have no kids, no shared financial interests. They divorced because AY felt trapped and wanted to see other people, but wanted PK to wait for her while she explored (BTW - PK’s mom does NOT know this, and I suspect that if she did she may not be so interested in talking to her ex-daughter-in-law). He didn’t wait for her and filed for divorce. Maybe she didn’t expect that and is keeping him close just in case she has another chance. 

TL; DR — my boyfriend and his ex-wife (no kids, no financial interests) still maintain regular, casual contact. I’ve told him that the frequency bothers me, but he says ""don't worry about it."" Has he not moved on emotionally from his ex-wife? Am I being unreasonable to ask him to communicate less frequently and casually with his ex-wife? 

Thanks for your advice."|cosmicdoobie|False|https://redd.it/el18bo|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
el16vy|2020-01-06 22:05:52|Distancing myself (22F) from my psycho ex-boyfriend? (22M)|"Posting this on a burner account just because my friends know of my main, and so does he. Also I browse but don’t post frequently so sorry for formatting if it’s bad.

Just a little history about our relationship I dated him for about 3 years, I met him my freshman year of college and then we started dating summer heading into sophomore year. I met him through some girls in my sorority that knew him from their hometown, they introduced us and the rest was history. Everything was amazing at first I’ll say for about the first year, after the initial honeymoon phase and we got used to each other he started showing me his true colors.

He started just becoming a very toxic partner. He became controlling, to the point where if he didn’t know where I was he wild FaceTime me until I answered so he would know. Here became really insecure about me hanging out with guy friends (even our mutual guy friends in our friend group), and he always wanted to be around me which isn’t bad but to the extent he would go it was problematic. He started becoming manipulative and short with me just kind of despicable. The thing is it took removing myself from the situation to realize all of this, while I was with him I was blindly in love.

All the while this was going on as I said he was manipulative and was strategic at when he would show this side of himself, so much so as to the point where I was questioning if he really was bad to me or I was imagining it. He didn’t act like this around our mutual friends and always had his best foot forward, he’s a very charming and charismatic man so when I would tell some of my closer friends about what he would to to me when he was angry (physical, and verbal abuse) they didn’t believe me or thought I was exaggerating. My girl friends always took my side but I know they still couldn’t believe he would do the things I would tell them he would because they would say it. Our mutual guy friends obviously just you know take up for him as men do so it’s nothing that I am angry with them about they are being fooled by him.

My ex and I broke up last month before we left for winter break for school. I want to move on with my life but this man is so heavily tied to me. We work at the same place back at school so I will see him there, we scheduled some of the same classes so I will see him there, we’re on campus at a not huge school so it’s inevitable to see him and I don’t even want to think about this man. Those things can kind of be worked around but my most important thing is that I don’t want to lose my friends and he is close with all of them, I mean he and I sort of started our friend group like it was my girl friends who introduced us but then we were the glue that held everyone together. they have since made group moves and I just didn’t go because he was there. I don’t want to keep living like hiding from him but it just is too emotional to be around him all the time.

I guess my question would be what are some steps I could take to distance myself from him but staying attached to my friend group. I don’t want him to feel like he has won or broken me by finding new friends or anything like that plus I love all my friends and don’t want to lose them? people who have dealt with exes who are tied to their friend groups, what did you do to make it normal? I know my situation is a bit different because of the relationship he and I had but any advice would be much appreciated!

tl;dr my friends are all in love with my ex boyfriend but he’s a terrible person and we broke up for a good reason, what can I do to make things normal again with the friend group, or just to live my life normally with him around?"|29cups|False|https://redd.it/el16vy|0|0.33|0|1|1|relationships
el14b6|2020-01-06 22:01:03|My girlfriend has anxiety and fear of intimacy. What should I do to help her overcome her issues?|"TL;DR. I'll try my best to explain this since I'm not an English native speaker. So, I met my girlfriend (24, from the US) in June 2018. We had the ""DTR"" like the second week after we met, and she told me about her anxiety and relationship issues. I had no idea of what I was getting into, never had depression/anxiety issues. We soon liked each other and started dating. However, just hugging and holding would make her really anxious. So, definitely, kissing was not an option. I had to change a lot, since I'm a latino and always been pretty open and affectionate in my past relationships. I really liked her, she was different from the rest, for the first time in my life I felt like I actually had someone to fight for. We started to progress and get closer. Although she didn't want me to kiss her on her cheek without me asking her first. She knew it really hard for me to to that, because she's so adorable and kissable😅. But I did my best to hold myself back. Until I started to pressure her a little bit, breaking that rule, and asking her to give a kiss at least on my cheek. Her anxiety got out of control and she decided to break up bc she didn't want to hurt me. 15 months later, she comes back and tells me she still had feelings for me. So did I, I always have. So we decided to date again. But before making it official or having something serious I wanted to make sure that she was willing to get out of her comfort zone to overcome her anxiety and move on in our relationship. She told me she was even going to start therapy. It's been a month since we got back together. We can hold hands, hug and cuddle, but not too much bc that would make her anxious. We're even talking marriage, kids, lifestyle, etc.. And she gets even more excited than me😅. We're planning on getting married and we haven't even kissed yet. (Funny, isn't it?).

Just in case you're wondering, no, she does not have history of sexual or any kind of abuse. Although, her dad did something to the family that broke the trust she had towards him. Therefore, she grew up seeing everyt single men as a threat for her.  I'm currently working on gaining that trust, and have her let me into her heart. 

She just told me she doesn't need a therapist rn bc she feels comfortable in our relationship, but I feel like she can do better than that. What are some things that I can do to gain her trust, be patient, understand her, and make her get out of her comfort zone a little but not too much? Will she ever be able to overcome these issues?"|bmarex|False|https://redd.it/el14b6|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
el0zj5|2020-01-06 21:51:35|Two guys (17m 18m) got in a fight over me and I'm (17f) getting blamed|"
I am in theatre club at my school and it turns out the guy who played my husband in the last play was into me... And so was a guy in my math class who had been my study buddy. 

I thought they were both kinda cute at first, I was talking to them both for a bit, but then rumors started to go around that they were gonna fight after lunch last Friday. Stuff like that happens often enough at my school, it's kind of trashy tbh

I told my girl friends that they were both total dumbasses, if either of them knew me at all they'd know that a bad temper or anger is my number one turn off. I don't have any patience for anyone who can't resolve things like an adult. I've dealt too much with bad tempers in my own family and I have no more patience for it.

Anyway, they went at it on Friday. And I stayed the hell out of it. I told my friends that I didn't have time for dumb childish shit like that and I was done with them both. I was going to spend the weekend studying for the ACT test and if anyone hit me up I'd have my phone off

After all that they're both suspended from school and the gossip had gotten around that it was about me. But the gossip got nastier,a lot of people are saying I led them on, I goaded them into it by ""dating"" them both, I knew what they were gonna do and didn't do a thing to stop it. One girl who's friends with one of them is mad that I got him suspended

I said that they got themselves in trouble for acting like children. And that made a lot of people more upset.

I also was asked by a school counselor to tell them what had gone on and I said I hadn't been there, I didn't care what games they were playing and I didn't have or want any part in it 

TLDR - 2 guys at school got in a fight and I'm getting blamed"|ThRoWaWAyi09|False|https://redd.it/el0zj5|1|0.6|0|3|1|relationships
el0ukd|2020-01-06 21:42:21|[31M] romantic interest/person I have known for 6 years [31M] told me to stop being a pussy about dealing with depression - need help to tackle this conversation|"I have known this guy for 6 years. I have been going through a shitshow of anxiety and depression for the last 2ish years. 

Here's a chat exchange between us recently:

Him: Look, I am not gonna sugar coat this. Stop being a pussy and stop this depression. I can't see you like this. And stop posting quotes on insta. (Referring to mental health awareness and support posts I would share in Insta stories)

Me: I appreciate your intent behind this of wishing me well but your way of talking is crass, offensive and derogatory.

Him: Its all in your head. Anytime I have been non-sugar coated, it seems derogatory to you, so its all in your head.

Me: <shuts down>

This is where I shut down. Anytime I have brought up an issue about something he said, 80-90% of the time he either denies it, deflects it or projects it on me. This 'its all in your head' was a whole new level of denying my reality.

How should I deal with this?

P.S.: In the past - he has said things to me like don't be a woman, or don't behave like a housewife by bringing up something that happened 2 weeks ago. Basically, he seems to equate being weak or vulnerable with being a pussy or a woman. These things shut me down and have prevented me from pursuing this further. BUT I am still too attached to him, not able to let this go. I want to pursue this, but I am afraid I can't get past this behavior.

TL;DR: Love interest sometimes speaks in ways that are derogatory or offensive and I can't get past it. IS this language acceptable? How could I deal with this / get past this?

Thank you in advance!"|ExtroHermit|False|https://redd.it/el0ukd|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
el0r6i|2020-01-06 21:35:53|I feel like a bad friend|"TD;LR I’ve started to distance myself from two of my best friends because they’ve become toxic and draining for me to talk to/be around and I feel like a terrible person.

So two of my best friends have become very toxic and draining so I’ve decided to distance myself from both of them and devote more time to myself and it’s making me feel like I’m a bad friend. 

Back story: “Renee” and I have known each other for 15+ years and she always takes out her emotional stuff out on me if I say something that’s not what she wants to hear. When her dad died, she told me I’m a bad friend because I didn’t like her boyfriend at the time. When she started going through her divorce, she got hooked on meth and coke and told me I was a shitty friend for not doing these things with her but try to stop her instead. Then when her dog died, she said I’m a terrible person because I couldn’t drop everything and fly down to Florida to see her. 

“James” has a drinking problem, and doesn’t exactly respect women and I am a woman myself. Anytime he asks a girl out on a date and they say no, he starts telling me, his best female friend, that all women are cunts “except me of course”. He got kicked out of his friends house because he came home hammered and threw up all over the house and passed out naked on his bed for his roommate to come home with his girlfriend to see his bare naked ass on the bed he had just vomited all over. He constantly uses me as an emotional crutch and leans on me way too much. My boyfriend has recently become very uncomfortable with him. He tells me he trusts me 100% but doesn’t trust “James”. He doesn’t trust “James” won’t put me in a position I could potentially get hurt in and I can 100% understand my boyfriends concerns because I feel they are valid.

So I’ve begun to distance myself from them as of the end of 2019/start of 2020. But I see the two of them losing their shit as I pull away clinging so tightly to what little I have left and I feel totally drained and fried. My boyfriend and my family keep telling me I’m doing the right thing by distancing myself but I feel like a shit person...

I guess I’m posting this more so to vent and get it off my chest than anything else."|Greeneyez428|False|https://redd.it/el0r6i|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
el0nj4|2020-01-06 21:29:00|So the girl (20f) I'm (26m) seeing has a male best friend (19m)|"I recently started dating this girl and she has a male friend. Appearantly they're ""best friends"".  He picks her up whenever and he keeps her out late. She's tried telling me to not worry about it and that it's a strictly platonic thing. I'm iffy on the dude, he told her I wasn't good for her and idk she said he had feelings for her but she turned him down and they've been friends since. 

I have trust issues and I don't want to let me being jealous or possessive ruin a good thing. I trust her just not him at all. I don't really know what to say or do but it is bothering me. She was out hanging with him yesterday I got upset, she asked him to drop her off at my apartment, but I didn't invite her in. She felt like I pushed her away and she was not welcome in my home. She really wants to make friends and I have no right to deny that of her nor would I want to, but idk something about this dude sits wrong with me but she constantly defends him. 

tldr; girl I'm dating has male best friend, I don't like him but she shouldn't cut him off for me."|SayJose|False|https://redd.it/el0nj4|1|1.0|0|18|1|relationships
el0n3t|2020-01-06 21:28:09|UPDATE: Help! My [24f] partner's[26nb] roommate/bff[27m] is a horrible, disgusting slob and needs an intervention|"[Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/cuzt9n/help_my_24f_partners26nb_roommatebff27m_is_a/)

TW: Suicide mention

TLDR My partner was living with a gross dude who didn't know how to take care of himself, and dragged me into it

Update: I broke up with them! This was honestly only one of many reasons why but they just kept dragging me in to their fights, pitting me against their roommate, and causing him to get even angrier and feel cornered. They wouldn't listen to anything I had to say on this or anything else, and belittled and berated me about my flaws even when I called them out and asked them to stop. We were together 6 years and I don't regret it but as I grew as a person I realized they weren't and they're mental and physical health kept getting worse and worse despite my multiple interventions and even trying to physically get them into therapy. I didn't mention it in the original post but my ex had attempted suicide multiple times during our 6 years together, and even implied they were going to kill themselves because I was ""the only thing in \[their\] life worth anything"". This last attempt coupled with that statement broke me, and I just couldn't do it anymore.

I'm happy now."|opossumwitch|False|https://redd.it/el0n3t|2|0.67|0|1|1|relationships
el0mcj|2020-01-06 21:26:38|Parents don't accept my boyfriend|"Hello there, I'm new member of Reddit, so sorry for my lack of experience :)

\#Part1 I want to ask you for your thoughts about my situation. It is very complicated and long, so I will be very glad if you will spend a little time to read my post.

\#Part2 First, I have to say I live in family where my parents are racists. I don't agree with them but everytime they told me not to go in any intercultural relationship - I acquiesced to them, because I didn't want to argue with them AGAIN (because we have a few little talks about this matter and it always ended as quarrel). I also acquiesced to them because I always thought that I will never meet a boy who has dark skin or who's not catholic (we live in a country in Europe where there are still very few immigrants).  
\#Part3 In summer 2019 I have gone to summer camp from my university and then I met a boy who's about 6 years older than me (he's 26, I'm 20) We met during dancing classes. I knew that he has very original name and he looks a little like arabian man. Then I found out that his parents were from Syria and when they were young they moved to my country, so my friend was born and raised here - he perfecly knows our language and culture, he joined every school and he finished our medical university. We talked a little, but I was thinking only about friendship. When we talked more it turned out that we have similar interests and hobbys and we get along :) That was the time, when he started to become attractive to me (He's not very handsome, but it doesn't matter to me) I want a boyfriend who I can talk to, not to only look at him ;)  
\#Part4 During one of the university parties something happen between us and when we were dancing we kissed. After that he said that he really felt something for me. Then I remembered what my parents said about intercultural relantionships - they were forbidden in my family! But in that moment I thought that they will change their mind if they will see that I'm happy with this man.  
\#Part5 Our relationship didn't last long - I tried to talk to my parents a little bit about that issue and I talked about my ""male friend"" with my mother (though I knew him for only month). When she find out about him, she started to shout at me. ""We will talk about it when you will come home!"" she said. I was fearful, I knew that this situation can't end good. I called my grandparents (I always have very good contact with them) but they said that I'm stupid that I fell in love in Arab! ""There are so many bad stories about them, didn't you read those books about Arabs and they English wives?""When I came back home I have a very hard conversation with parents. They said that I must end this relationship because it has no future, they will never accept him, they don't want any Arab in their family (even though he isn't muslim, he is atheist - but they me to find catholic boyfriend). They said that I will destroy our family if I will choose him. AND if I choose him, they will cut me from any financial help, so I won't handle living on my own in different city and learning in university, because I will have to look for a job (I study stomatology and it would be very hard to learn a lot of things and work in regular job at the same time). I had no choice, I had to tell them that I will stop seeing my friend. I really thought I will do it, but when I came back to university... Everything revived. I think I love him and I know that he likes me too (but we never said ""love"" to each other).  
\#Part6 Unfortunately, about moth later when I came back home my parents asked me about my ""Male friend"" again. I couldn't lie to them straight to their eyes - I said them that I'm seeing him sometime and we are happy together. I even told them about my psychological therapy (yes, I have gone to psychologist and talked about this issue with him, but it didn't help me a lot). THEY WERE MAD. They said that I lied to them, that they don't trust me anymore. ""How can you be so stupid, WE DON'T WANT ANY ARAB IN OUR HOUSE, DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"". They again gave me choice - they or him. But when I choose him I will become alone, because all my family will turn back from me and they won't help me.I mut said that I'm only 20 years old and this is my second serious boyfriend. I know him only 5 months, but we spend some time together and that's are the best moments in my life. BUUUUUT I also have some problems, because of religion. I know that now we spend some nice time together but in future we can argue a lot about marriage, children and their religion. I'm afraid of that, especially becuase I don't know him very good. But I had to make this hard choice again. And I choose family, again.  
\#Part7 Now I'm back in university and I talked to my friend, that we should become ""only friends"" now. We can't stop seeing each other completely, I don't want to cut off from him, because he understands me like no one of my friends. But it hurts so much when I think about him and when I think about my parents. They are terrible that they judge my boyfriend only because his family is from Syria. They don't want to talk to him and meet him. I don't know what to do. I want to follow my heart but I'm too young to become completely independent. I don't want to cut off from my family, because I love them and I know them for 20 years and I know my boyfriend for only 6 months. But I disagree with my parent's opinions. However, now we are ""only friends"" but there is winter camp coming in one moth and I'm afraid that our feeling will revive again and my parents told me if I lie to them again and I will kiss this man again... I will become alone, they will cut off from me completely, because they will be ashamed of my choice.

\*\*TL;DR;\*\* : What should I do, what do you think about it? He's my Romeo and I'm his Juliet..."|artexandra|False|https://redd.it/el0mcj|1|1.0|0|8|1|relationships
ekh3kg|2020-01-05 18:45:54|Confused after sleeping with ex-therapist|"I (28F) saw a therapist weekly for several months when I was 20 due to an incident that happened in college at that time. I took my Spring semester off and stayed with my parents through the Spring and Summer before returning to school out of state in the Fall. I saw the therapist during my time at home. I was very attracted to him and I got the impression that he might have been attracted to me, but he was extremely professional and I also never flirted with him. I believe he was in his late 20’s at the time, so within 10 years of my age. When I returned to school in the Fall I started seeing a therapist near there monthly and have felt healed for many years.

On New Year’s Eve I attended an engagement party in my hometown for a friend from high school. It was very fancy and had probably 300+ people in attendance. The alcohol was flowing, everyone was dancing and having a great time, when I see my ex-therapist. At first it seemed like he couldn’t quite place me, but he remembered who I was almost immediately. Apparently he’s my friend’s fiancé’s cousin. We were both already fairly tipsy by the time we started talking but continued drinking throughout the night and we ended up going back to his apartment together.

The next morning he seemed really anxious about the whole thing saying he is very interested in me, but this shouldn’t have happened and it could get him in trouble. I’ve looked up the rules and it seems like our circumstances would be acceptable, since it’s been way longer than 2 years since we discontinued therapy. I’m just left feeling sad and confused. Would it really be that bad for us to try things out? Does he just not like me?

EDIT: He has been initiating contact with me since that morning, not the other way around. He is texting me saying he can’t stop thinking about me and he misses me. This isn’t a situation where I’m pursuing someone who is asking me to stop. It’s confusing. 

Tl;dr: Slept with my ex-therapist from over 8 years ago after seeing each other at a party. I’m feeling confused as I want to see him again but he says we can’t."|oopsietherapistanon|False|https://redd.it/ekh3kg|136|0.9|0|64|1|relationships
ekxaj8|2020-01-06 17:34:16|My [31M] GF [26F] is struggling with school and her mental health and I don't know what to do. It's making me question our relationship.|"My GF and I have been dating for 7 years, but up until we moved in together 9 months ago we were long distance, so I could only visit her around once a month or less.  For the entire time I've known her she's been in school, she's gone through her bachelor's degree and is currently finishing up a 2 year master's program, while I finished my undergrad before we met and have been working full time ever since. 

She has always struggled with school and school related stress, but during her master's degree it has gotten way, way worse. She had trouble during her undergrad but managed to power through, but her master's has been way tougher on her. I discovered when visiting her once during the first year of her program that she had started to self-harm to deal with stress. She had been hiding it, and when I found out we cried and she swore she would stop and go to see a doctor about it, which she did, and she's now on medication for anxiety and (I suspect) depression. She doesn't bring up her exact diagnosis and I've been afraid to ask.

She finished the first year alright, but she started to burn out during the second. She had to drop a course to handle the workload and even then her work suffered and her advisor, while helpful, was fairly critical, which didn't help her stress. She finished the second year with less stellar grades but had one course to make up the next year before she could graduate, but she was so burnt out that she had to take a medical deferral as she couldn't even handle the one course.

Which brings us to the present.

She's just starting the course again, and as far as I can tell absolutely nothing has changed, she can't seem to bring herself to do readings or coursework, which increases her stress, which makes it harder for her to work. All through this I've tried to be as supportive as I can, but I'm finding it harder now that we're living together and I'm actually around all the time. She's stressed and I want to help, but when I press her she just tells me to keep being me and that I don't need to do anything. If I ask her about school or suggest methods which might help her focus, or worse, suggest that she should maybe do a reading rather than watch youtube all day, she just gets more stressed, to the point that I feel like I can't do anything to help without making the situation worse. I feel like if I don't do anything she'll just ignore her work again and be forced to drop out of the program.

I want to help her but I don't know how, and all of this is making me question the future of our relationship. I always thought we communicated well but finding out she was hiding her problems from me and her inability to talk about them makes me doubt that now. It seems like we can talk about anything but what is important (our conversation about having children on the future has been put off by years because whenever I bring it up she's ""too shy right now"" or needs time to prepare. Weve talked around these things enough that I feel I know her views already, but still.) Her starting to self harm also shook my faith in her, I always saw her as tough and able to work through her problems but now I find myself enabling her procrastination so that I don't stress her too much and cause her to relapse. I feel less like an equal partner in our relationship and more like I'm supporting and responsible for her.

 I find myself asking myself if this is how she deals with stress is this someone I want to get married to, or have children with? I love her dearly, we spend time together, make each other laugh, have many common interests and are each other's exact sort of weird, but this is making me question whether, long term, all of it will be worth it.

So, Reddit, is there any advice or words of wisdom you can give me? Are my concerns valid, or am I making mountains out of molehills and I just need to tough it out?

TL;DR: I don't know how to summarize that, just read the post."|OtherwiseQuiet4|False|https://redd.it/ekxaj8|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
el0ho5|2020-01-06 21:17:50|I(35F) am unsure what to do with my unamibious (35M) husband|"Hello, I am 35 F and my husband is a 35 M. We have been married for nearly 10 years (This year is our 10 year anniversary) and been together since 2002, or nearly 18 years. Over the last 18 years, we have changed a lot as people and grown in our own ways. More recently, once we were able to get healthcare, we have started to go to therapy and take care of the more problematic parts of ourselves. I am still going every two weeks as often as I can but he has stopped going except for to see his pyschologist for his medicine. (He’s Bi-Polar Type 2.) He claims this is because there was no times I could take him but I feel he just doesn’t want to go anymore. He doesn’t drive and has never had a driver’s license. We are not in a major city so he has to rely on me for rides or take a bus/uber to get where he wants to go.

The problem lies in the fact that my husband seems to have no further ambitions or desires. Recently, I had applied for a new position at work but I didn’t get it because I had stated that I was “unsure what goals” I have. After that, I sat down and really thought about it, I have goals and I even managed to get a list of 40 goals before I turn 40 in 2025. I tried to encourage my husband into doing this as well but he was uninterested and when I asked him again; his only goals were going on another cruise and going to Hawai’i. He had originally expressed interest in trying to think up some goals but he never did and he seemingly stopped trying. This has come up before when I asked him to start coming up with date night ideas so that I didn’t feel like I was just dragging him to places he didn’t want to be at or didn’t care about.

I’m constantly frustrated by his lack of ambition and lack of forethought when it comes to anything but I have been squelching it under a heavy layer of “I don’t have time for this”. I feel like I do a lot of the emotional labor, as most women do, and it is draining. I am pulling myself up from ever present depression, quieting the fears from my general anxiety and re-teaching myself how to care for myself and then doing it with the children that I didn’t teach either. 

I hate feeling this way because I love him and he can be helpful but he hasn’t been lately and no matter how gently I poke and prod him into doing better, he just seems to shrug it off for another nap. Which has been a very common occurance lately, he gets home from work, takes a 2-3 hour nap and then considers making dinner after asking me what to make. 

I feel like I’ve let it go on for so long that I don’t know how to express myself without getting the “Where is this coming from?” or other defensive acts. I’m just getting worn out and I don’t know what to do. Every time I’ve threatened to kick him out before, he has guilted me into letting him stay. He has no where to go, his family can’t take him in, he doesn’t have enough real friends (So many are internet friends across the globe) and those who are local can’t take him in. 

I want to know: What is the best way to either encourage him to have ambition or what should I do if I feel like all hope is lost for the relationship?

TL;DR: I thought I lacked ambition, turns out I have some. When I asked my husband, he seems to have none and the thought of dragging him to do anything even remotely ambitious makes my stomach tighten."|Quietly_Alice|False|https://redd.it/el0ho5|1|0.6|0|2|1|relationships
ekm3s9|2020-01-06 00:53:17|My [21f] boyfriend [22m] loves me and it’s ruining our sex life??|"My boyfriend and I have been together for a year and a half. I am in my final year of college while he is working and deciding on his career path. We were long distance for one year and saw each other pretty much every other weekend, but we facetimed every single night and texted most of the day. During this time he was living at home (2 hours away) and I was in a dorm. Six months ago he left his family, friends, and hometown to be with me in my college town. Going from long distance to a 300 sq ft studio was an adjustment, but we are happier than ever now. There is just one problem...

Our sex life has been fulfilling and fun from the first night we met right until we moved in to our place. I expected with finally having a truly private space that sex would only get better and more frequent from here on out. I was wrong. His sex drive seems to have slowly just, fizzled out. We were having sex every other day, and then once a week, and suddenly, three weeks had gone by. My attempts at initiating were usually met with him saying he was too tired or just not in the mood. During our LDR we had sex pretty much every single day we had together, so while it might not seem significant, this was a shock to my system. I asked him if there was anything going on and expressed that this was unusual for us. He told me that sex just isn’t something that’s on his mind that often. I realize people have different sex drives, but from our history I assumed we were pretty much on the same page. 

We had a long conversation and I expressed to him that sex is very important to me and helps me feel connected to him. I explained that when we go a long time without sex it makes me feel anxious that something is wrong either with me or our relationship. He reassured me that he still finds me just as attractive and it has nothing to do with me. He said that this is a pattern he has noticed with his previous girlfriends as well and that he doesn’t know why it happens. He explained that he doesn’t see sex as such an important part of a relationship, and loves me just as much and feels connected to me whether we’ve been having sex or not.

And then came the kicker. I asked him why the thinks he feels this way about sex, and why we had so much sex before if this is how he feels. He said something close to this: “I don’t want you to feel like I don’t find you sexy or attractive, because I do, but you’re also my best friend in the world. I’ve never cared about anyone so much, and it’s hard for me to see you as sexually as I did when I didn’t know you as well.”

I asked “Can’t sex be an act of love?” and he replied “I never thought of it that way.”

Obviously this was alarming and sad to hear. My boyfriend is affectionate, complimentary, loyal, and kind. He is everything I could ask for in a partner. And when we do have sex, my needs come first and it’s always great. But I feel that his ideas about sex just aren’t healthy. His mother, uncle, and grandfather were all involved in lengthy affairs that led to divorce. If I played armchair therapist I would guess that sex has never equated to love in his family, but rather, destruction. 

I’m at a loss. Is this a healthy view of sex that just isn’t the same as mine? Is there something deeper going on under the surface? 

Also something that may be important to note, albeit a little TMI. I don’t want or expect lovey dovey sex. We engage in light BDSM each time and that’s what I want and enjoy. I almost wonder if playing more into that would be helpful for him.

TL;DR: My boyfriend said that it’s more difficult for him to find me sexually attractive now that we have such a deep and loving connection. Is this normal? Is there any way to get back the sex drive he had at the start of our relationship?"|theyxist|False|https://redd.it/ekm3s9|44|0.77|0|17|1|relationships
el0253|2020-01-06 20:48:09|23M relationship with 21F after getting back together she wants to take it slow|"Hi everyone, 

I’ve known her for about 5 years, we finally confessed our feelings for one another around June last year and for 4 months it was pure bliss. It was my first ever relationship. I do think we might’ve rushed a bit, she took my virginity but we were so happy together nothing mattered. Then an ex-friend of ours sowed discontent/doubt and over the months our relationship/communication broke down and we fought and split in order to think everything over. (We were both super busy at the time too, both full time students and working)

After taking a 2 month break from any contact she messaged me and said she never meant to hurt me, and wanted to get back together. But wants to take it slow. 

How do I handle/go about this? I really do love her and she loves me (I think) Since this is my first ever relationship I just don’t know what to do. I don’t want to mess this up or lose her again.

Any advice? Should I ask her how she wants to take it slow? Or just wait until she contacts me? (She seems to be avoiding hanging out or talking currently besides texting. Though it might just be my imagination.) 

Thanks!

TL;DR - I need advice on how to take things slow, while still nurturing/building the relationship."|Edge5880|False|https://redd.it/el0253|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
el01we|2020-01-06 20:47:39|Should I temporarily cut off my dad|"Some back story: 

My (21F) relationship with my dad (45) has once again gone bad. During my high school days we very rarely spoke for reasons like his attitude, abuse, neglect, etc. He’d stomp around the house using my mom, brothers (7&10) and I as emotional punching bags due to the fact that he had to go to work. He’s always been a grumpy gus. I started working when I was 16 to help pay for the bills around the house & my senior year stuff after my mom grew sick. My dad was always very unappreciative and let his pride get in the way of seeing how poor our family was doing (for a family of 5 we brought in less than 23k a year). 

My mom passed away a few weeks before my high school graduation. The week before my father kicked me out after we got into an argument regarding me paying the electricity bill. For some time after, my dad and I got really close. He changed many of his ways but still had some bad habits. As much as I wanted to stay home and grieve and take care of my brothers who were only 3&7 at the time, I received a full ride to a UC and couldn’t pass it up so I left to college. 
 
Since starting college, my dad has lost his job and years later hasn’t made much progress. I’m a senior in college a few months away from graduating. My schooling is paid for, but I work anywhere from 32-40 hours a week taking 20 units to help pay my dads bills. He’s gone back to his old ways of being unappreciative and it makes me feel like shit. I am stretching myself out thin to keep this family above water and he never even says thank you. It’s gotten to the point where he won’t even text or call me unless it’s about a bill. When I told him I’ve paid it he won’t even respond. 

In the last year or so he’s gotten a girlfriend who I think is a great person, but I don’t like how my dad can’t seem to do anything without her. He didn’t even bother spending Christmas with me & our whole family because he went to her family’s gathering - and I only get to come one once every month or so because the drive is 5+ hours and my car doesn’t even turn on some days. We recently got into an argument after I expressed these concerns. He literally never even bothers to check up on me and it stings. He automatically yells when I bring this up and hangs up on me. When I’ve told him I got on antidepressants because I was suicidal he didn’t even care & ignored me, but when I texted him about the phone bill he said he’d call me right away. 

I feel horrible even thinking about wanting to cut him off but I’m a struggling college student already. It was a miracle I got this scholarship because without it I definitely wouldn’t be here. I’m working my ass off everyday to help him and my brothers. The only reason I haven’t cut him off yet is because of the boys. I love them to death and couldn’t live with myself if I didn’t take care of them. I wish every day my mom never passed bc those boys deserve her and not the way my dad has been. I’ve been thinking that it might be the best for my mental health to cut him off for a bit though. I’ve been trying to save up for a reliable car and am prepping for grad school. I have immediate panic attacks no matter where I am when I get into it with my dad. I’m pretty stuck here. 

Tl; Dr 

I don’t know if I should temporarily financially cut my dad off after he’s stopped trying to provide for himself & ultimately never talks to me."|jawsolin|False|https://redd.it/el01we|0|0.5|0|1|1|relationships
ekzynl|2020-01-06 20:41:33|Jealousy is ruining everything, what can I do?|"Without too much detail I (21F) have been in a semi-relationship/FWB type thing with a guy (21M) I deeply care about. Things have been rough emotionally and when we both really wanted to actually be in a relationship with each other we weren't able to be and it caused a lot of friction, but we're still very close, he's honestly my best friend.

Things are muddy now to say the least, I mean we both really care for each other, but I'm in love with him, and while he used to be just as in love with me, he's not sure what he feels or wants anymore. This alone is leaving me confused and hurt. We still hang out, talk every day, and are intimate with each other, but he's also recently been hanging out with someone else. I was his first and I was under the impression that even though we were taking a step back on the relationship side and things like that, that we were only having sex with each other. Turns out that recently changed and he didn't tell me, partially because this girl was already a point of jealousy for me due to all the time they've been spending together and me feeling blown off during that time, and he didn't want to hurt me. He says he hasn't finished with her and he doesn't enjoy it as much as with me, but that doesn't make me feel any better.

I fully realize that it's healthy to explore and figure out what you want, and I don't want to deny him those things. I want to be with him, but I want him to want to be with me, not because I tried to hold him down.

TBH I'm trying to be strong and handle everything without being crazy or making him feel bad for it, because he has every right to explore these things and I realize we're not actually together. But my heart is absolutely breaking, thinking about them together like that or at all makes me physically ill. When I see him texting her I just want to break down. We're always joking with each other but now when jokes come up that involve her or my jealousy I just immediately get messed up over everything. He told her at one point before they started this that he was in a complicated relationship and it seemed like they were done, he told me I didn't have to worry about her, he enjoys hanging out with her but says she's not someone he would date, but I just don't know anymore.

We talked about all of this last night and I'm really trying to give him the space and freedom he needs right now, but it hurts like hell. I can't stop myself from wanting to be intimate with him, but I also can't stop thinking of them together.

I don't want to lose him over this, I'm just so messed up over it, I can barley keep it together and I'm just wondering, what the hell can I do?

Tl;dr- In love with my BF/FWB, jealous of his relationship with another girl, trying to do what's best for our relationship"|floundering22|False|https://redd.it/ekzynl|1|1.0|0|10|1|relationships
ekwqcu|2020-01-06 16:54:40|How to tell my friends I don’t wanna go to Spain for a holiday?|"Basically they’ve been talking about going on holiday and asked me if I was up for it, I said we should go after my exams in June and celebrate my 21st. 

They’ve seen a deal for a holiday in Salou... I went there a few times when I was younger and I’m not keen on mainland Spain. I’ve tried to hint to them so many times that there are better deals for the Balearics and the Canaries, even showed them photos of the lovely hotels but they just keep telling me this hotel in Salou is a 4* and nice. I don’t wanna come across as dictating or bossy but I don’t fancy shelling out £600 for a place I’m not keen on going.  

TLDR any idea what else I can do to try and convince my friends to rethink another destination without sounding difficult or bossy. They were already planning to go away themselves as they thought I had other plans for my 21st. Now they’ve invited me and I don’t want them thinking I’m dictating."|HighlyConfusedd|False|https://redd.it/ekwqcu|2|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
eko1bw|2020-01-06 03:24:09|My (28F) boyfriend (30M) texted his dad and friend about breaking up with me a few months ago. He never broke up with me, but I found the texts today.|"My boyfriend and I have been together for about a year and I thought things were great. However, a few weeks ago, he confronted me and confessed there were some things I had been doing for awhile that had been really upsetting him . (Not setting enough boundaries in my male friendships, not making enough of an effort to express my feelings with words, etc.) I honestly felt a bit blindsighted - he had never hinted that we had any problems, so I was completely unaware that anything I was doing was problematic or that it bothered him in any way. However, in retrospect, I can see that I was in the wrong and I should be better with certain things, so I totally understand his feelings. I’ve apologized profusely and told him I’m more than willing to change my behavior (and that I would’ve changed it way earlier had I known), and I’ve put in a ton of effort since then. Things seem to be going much better now, and he has expressed that he was surprised I took his suggestions so well and have tried so hard. I know prior to this he had been pretty unhappy because of my behavior, but he has been appreciative and affectionate since we talked and seems committed to really working through this. 

However, even though things feel better lately, I’ve started to feel paranoid. After all, I thought things were going awesome this entire time and that he was happy (and he even said he was happy) when that clearly wasn’t the case. He’s such a non confrontational people pleaser that he avoided being honest about any of this for months, so I guess I started to get anxious thinking about how honest he was being in his feelings of wanting to stay together now. So I did something stupid - I looked through his phone. I’ve never been worried about him with other girls, so all I did was search my name in his texts. And I found multiple conversations that seriously broke my heart. 

About two months ago (so a month before he even brought this up to me), he texted his dad saying something along the lines of how he regretted inviting me home with him for thanksgiving and didn’t know what to do. (So clearly he had discussed his doubts or problems with me with his dad before this.) Meanwhile, to my face, my boyfriend told me our trip to his hometown was canceled because of unrelated family drama, but that he couldn’t wait for me to meet them later. During this time period, he also continued to tell me he loved me, wanted to spend 24/7 together, took me on nice dates, never expressed any annoyances, etc. I thought we were happy. 

There were also texts to his best friend during the same time period. They just said something along the lines of “I feel like a dick so I’m gonna wait until after christmas to break up with her.” Yet again, this was during a time when he was acting 100% normally to me and I thought things were great. It really hurt me to find both texts because I had no idea anything was going on at the time. And even though I now know things were rough and he was annoyed with me, I still had no idea it was ever to that extent. 

However, part of me thinks I should just forget about and ignore these texts because 1) they’re two months old 2) they’re from way before we ever had any talks or discussions or I made any changes 3) I do agree that my behavior wasn’t great so he had a right to be upset or doubt things 4) he’s seemed committed to staying together now that I’m willing to change 5) I’m the one who was in the wrong for going through his phone in the first place. PLUS there weren’t any texts recently. 

On the other hand though, another part of me is feeling super hurt by those messages, and I’m unsure how to move on or trust him now. I want to justify it because we really were going through a rough patch, and everyone needs to vent sometimes (me included), but I’m wondering if this is worse than I think it is. Like even when he (finally) brought up this stuff to me a month after the texts were sent, he said “I don’t want to breakup, but there are some things we should talk about.” But then behind my back it seemed like he was 100% committed to the breakup and had made up his mind already and told others about it. All while continuously acting like he loved me and wanted a future together to my face?! I don’t want to tell him I looked at his messages because I think it will just start a new fight about privacy, but I also don’t know how to just forget about them either. 

What would you do if you were in my shoes? I asked him tonight if he feels good about us giving things another try, and he said yes. But that doesn’t feel like enough for me knowing what I know. Ugh. 

I know things sound bad from this post, but I feel like we’re crazy compatible in most ways and I’ve felt happier with him than anyone else I’ve ever been with. I don’t want to give things up, but it feels tainted now. Like I’m always just gonna be paranoid and anxious that he doesn’t actually want to be together or that he isn’t as happy as he says he is. And I don’t know what to do. What would you do?

PS: I know I’m in the wrong for looking through his phone, and I know I invaded his privacy. I already feel bad enough, so I don’t need comments guilting me. I’ve also heard the whole “if you can’t trust your partner you shouldn’t be with them” thing too. And I know that. But that’s not the point of the post. 

TL;DR - A couple months ago, my boyfriend and I were going through a rough patch, but we’ve now worked through our problems and things feel good. However, today I found hurtful texts he sent about me to his dad and friend a few months ago. They really hurt me and I don’t know how to move past them."|zxmt777|False|https://redd.it/eko1bw|24|0.84|0|18|1|relationships
ekzx3h|2020-01-06 20:38:32|Ive(23M) been seeing this girl (22F) for over a month now. For the past week she has been getting more distant/ignoring me|"As title specifies Ive been seeing (22F) for over a month and things felt really good, as if i really want to date her for the long term.We've been sleeping together just havent made it offical. We've Worked on seeing each other even with our hectic work schedules. Now ever since new years day (random point of time) has happened ive been getting ignored here and there through text. Ive made plans to meet up with her and she recently stood me up on a lunch date ruining a saturday for me by staying home all day waiting for her to reply to confirm a time. She didnt text me a sorry or reply to my texts till later that night like nothing happened. 

So im generally confused due the lack of communication as its getting worse. I would admit if i did something really wrong but i honestly have done nothing. So my question is how should I appoint her over  whats been happening? How do i confront her about the issue without coming off too heavy or strong? Should I try to make plans again and confront her?

Im pretty calm about whats going on, it just hurts keeping whats in bothering me. There might be something going on in her personal life that might be more important.

Thanks for reading!

TL;DR: Ive been seeing (22F) for over a month, and for some reason she's been ignoring me. I dont know a proper way to approach her about it"|FN_BRIGGSY|False|https://redd.it/ekzx3h|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekwnp5|2020-01-06 16:49:22|Me (22/M) and my former girlfriend (21/F) of four years discovered she is a covert narccicist. I think I’ve reached the limit of what I can mentally cope now. I have been gaslighted for 4 years, believing I was the aggressor whilst being the emotionally and mentally abused victim.|"Some important details about myself, struggling through an repeat year of university (second year). Suffer from depression and anxiety disorder. And recently diagnosed as ADD both academically and medically. From the UK. So I have been dealing through a lot, I’m worried I have reached my breaking point.


**TLDR** (also I realise I probably missed out some details,‘sorry I wasn’t exactly enjoying this write up)

GF was a covert narciccist, gaslighted me for four years, finally uncovered her mask. 

That night was the first breakdown I’ve ever had as a man. In my family I’ve always been the strong macho assertive son, that night after a whole day locked in my room I couldn’t do it anymore. Walked downstairs and my mother was alone watching TV, first time I went to mother and cried since I was child. 

Too all those raised by these morally bankrupt pieces of shit that prey on the empathetic and vulnerable, I salute you. To not even succumb to their nasty way, and stand against it, you have my eternal respect. That’s a level of strength I will forever aspire to as a victim myself for only 4 years. Today is a sunny day, it’s a new decade, now just look onwards and upwards. Spend time with my baby sister. Message old friends. Hopefully I’ll find connection back to reality in time....

——-

Yesterday was the day I unconverted the mask of my 4 years long partner and ex girlfriend, who had turned out to be an extremely covert marciccist. We had kind of mutually come to the realisation during a conversation I finally begged out of her because I was confused how she was able to forget the bond we had. It was heartbreaking because whilst we agreed the relationship was awful and had to end, I had no idea why I am seemingly the only one falling apart.

For context I had a vast extent of experience with mostly overt narciccists and coverts too, as former best friend was one, a very overt douchebag of one. Our relationship broke down because of an ultimatum she started either him or her. I had refused simply because of my principles to never entertain any ultimatum, knowing full well leaving the douche bag friend is the obvious choice (if I had a gun to my head or something), but I believed in having my principles as the few key things in life that makes it worth living.

It was certainly true, this principle removed two terrible narccicists in my life as of yesterday. 

It’s finally occurred to me now that my act of defiance didn’t compute with her narc brain. And it all fell down from there. We kept breaking up and coming back, but it’s clear that she couldn’t handle the progress i made in life during the breakups, which lead to the next one and the next one until she finally broke up.

Well broke up seemingly decisively whilst also  sending me a photo album which was extremely sentimental. Had a note implicating a potential future, a funny screenshot of a contract vowing our eternal love etc. Naturally this completely shattered the no contact I was able to maintain rather peacefully, but she was beyond being able to contact. Blocking every attempt I made, of course her friends ignored me. All I wanted to know was, at this point, why go this far to avoid me like the plague after having sent the most evocatively romantic and painfully sentimental gift. My radar was up. Anyway I managed to contact her by finding another email, this time warning her to never invade the privacy of my family mailbox ever again. She replied with some bs excuse and that and was that.

I guess months later the recurring dreams and the mean way i settled things. I saw she joined Instagram for the first time. I messaged her, long story short she eventually agreed to take properly. But the tone at that point was less than romantic, i admitted I still loved her but she was off, and my experience with narcs flagged up. I asked a series of questions that would reveal herself point blank. and she did. The revelation itself even had to make her reassess her mind, I said to sleep restfully and maybe we can talk about what you can do about it tommorow, she agreed. Also warned her that it’s common to delude yourself from the fact. Long story short that’s exactly what she did, saying I am no one to diagnose her etc etc. Still I offered to help, because I knew what her future would be if she doesn’t knip this somehow, and I love her enough to support her. But I wasn’t gonna wait any longer anxiously for her to decide. A few hours and some horrible realities dawned on me later, I told her good luck because I’m getting the fuck out of your demented life.

That night I realised the last 4 years of my life was a life was a lie. That I, contrary to what she made me believe, was a good and devoted boyfriend instead of a toxic sadist bent on destroying her. Having ADD didnt help, made few too many mistakes and forgotten things that she used against me. I knew her mother was crazy, the few interactions I’ve seen with them was alwahs shouty yet she’s always tell me how much she loved her mother and her perfect childhood. She made a lot of random lies to affirm my attraction to her, because she wasn’t conventionally pretty whilst I was (always had female attention which really messed with her, eventually I stopped having female friends). She controlled nearly everything I did, oversaw everything, my money, my family, social life Jesus Christ. The list is too long and just way too painful to reminisce, I’ve been gaslighted for four years. My realities are warped. I’ve been walking in a dream ever since.

(This next part is pasted as the TLDR, incase you already read it.)

That night was the first breakdown I’ve ever had as a man. In my family I’ve always been the strong macho assertive son, that night ate a whole day locked in my room I couldn’t do it anymore. Walked downstairs and my mother was alone watching TV, first time I went to mother and cried since I was child. 

Too all those raised by these morally bankrupt pieces of shit that prey on the empathetic and vulnerable, I salute you. To not even succumb to their nasty way, and stand against it, you have my eternal respect. That’s a level of strength I will forever aspire to as a victim myself for only 4 years. Today is a sunny day, it’s a new decade, now just forces onwards and upwards. Spend time with my baby sister. Message old friends. Hopefully I’ll find connection back to reality in time...."|smoantchaku|False|https://redd.it/ekwnp5|2|0.75|0|3|1|relationships
ekzs6j|2020-01-06 20:29:07|catholic parents don’t like my jewish gf|"
so i (19M)came home from winter break of my freshman year of college with a girlfriend who i have been dating for a bit and my gf (18F) happens to be jewish (for some odd reason my college has a big jewish population). my parents were both raised very catholic, my dad, very irish and very catholic, my mom, puerto rican and also very catholic. 


i’m not really that catholic, once i got older i started to stop going to church with them and then the catholic church had some problems with some young boys and that was it for me. my gf isn’t really jewish either but her parents are and she celebrates hanukkah and all that. 


my sister like her but my dad barely interacts with her or makes eye contact with her bc he wants me dating someone catholic, my mom wants the same but is still conversational with her. her parents were skeptical of her dating someone catholic but since i’ve met them they really like me and love having me over and all that. 


TL:DR 
So overall, new girlfriend, parents don’t like bc she’s not catholic like my parents are. dad openly dislikes her. so anyone who had or has this problem have any idea where to go from here bc i have no clue here??"|DFay7330|False|https://redd.it/ekzs6j|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekzpiv|2020-01-06 20:23:49|Relationship growing stale|"Me [21M] and my girlfriend [21F] have been together for
4 years and some change now. We have been together
since high school and have been living together for
almost a year now.

The past 1.5-2 years or so we have been having much
less sex than usual. (Once a month if I'm lucky) Honestly
she doesnt seem to be in the mood ever anymore and
I'm afraid I'm doing something wrong and dont know
what.

I am not worried about her cheating or anything of that
sort we are both very loyal. Anytime I try to talk to her
about it the answer is just ""I'm bored of it"". And when I
try something new to make it less boring she just shits it
down completely.

I dont know what to do because I really do love this girl
and want to get married to her some day. I dont want to
make it sound like it's all about sex, but I feel there is no
way to have a lasting relationship with somebody with
out it.

Any advice would be greatly appreciated, and thank you
go any who reply to this in advance.

TL;DR I think me and my gf both 21 are not having
enough sex, what can I do about it?"|KingDyllan|False|https://redd.it/ekzpiv|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ekzoab|2020-01-06 20:21:25|(37m) - My girlfriend (37F) still has feelings for her previous boyfriend|"I got divorced last year.  A few weeks before everything was finalized (we had been separated for almost a year), I met someone on a dating app.  We talked for a week or two and met up, and things took off from there.  We started seeing each other more after my divorce was finalized and we really clicked.  She has a small child(11) and I have 3 kids (4,5,7), and we've all gone out together several times and everyone gets along great.

When we started dating, I knew some of her history.  She was married for around 8 years.  Toward the end of that relationship, they had tried an open marriage, which did not save things.  She let me know a few weeks in that she discovered around that time that she was bisexual and also had attended swingers clubs/parties.  I told her I had no issue with that and that as long as we were both honest with each other, it was not a problem.  I also knew that she was with her previous boyfriend for 4 years and that he was living with her and just left one day without giving a reason. 

I found out in October/November that the ex was very serious.  She showed me a necklace that she still wore of his and said that for Christmas she wanted something from me to replace it.  It was around this time I noticed that she seemed to still be dealing with that break-up.  It had happened earlier in the year, but they had hung out a few times over the summer.  She told me that she has been trying to get closure on the relationship so she can get over it and figure out why he left and confirm it wasn't her fault.  I was texting my cousin about her one day to ask for her advice, and I mentioned how the only thing that made me nervous was the ex-boyfriend.  I accidentally texting my gf.  She got upset and said that maybe we should step back a bit.  I said I didn't want to do that, and we made up the next day.

The week before Thanksgiving, she decided to start going to a local bar that the two of them used to go to sometimes and he happened to be there.  She said hi to him and he was talking to another girl.  She would keep going back every week for the next few weeks and he would be there.  They spoke for a little bit and that was all.  She kept telling me that she wanted the two of us to be able to go there, but that she knew that him seeing us would turn out badly - he's bipolar and the last time he saw her with someone there, he got into a pretty bad car accident on the way home.  

I told her that I was fine with all this - however, on nights she was going to the bar, I would basically have panic attacks the entire time, worrying something would happen between them.  At the same time, her and I were growing closer.  We spent Thanksgiving together and I started staying over her place 3-4 nights/week.  We spent Christmas together.  I got her a new necklace and some other personal things.  Her gifts to me were really well-thought-out and from the heart.  Then, her ex finally unblocked her and responded to her request to meet up the weekend after Christmas.  They met up and talked, but she said he avoided talking about anything with regard to their relationship, going out to smoke any time she brought it up.  

Last week, we had some friends over her house and he unblocked her on Facebook Messenger.  She started messaging back and forth with him, not paying any attention to me or the people who were over.  Then, she didn't respond to something right away and he blocked her again.  

She's constantly checking her emails for a response from him.  When anyone tells her to get over the ex, she says how she doesn't want to hurt him because he's bipolar and has no control because he doesn't know that's what's wrong with him.  I've tried saying how he's a grown adult and can accept responsibility for what he did - walking out on her.  The few times she did meet up with him before we met, they had sex and he hit her.  He left marks/bruises.  Last night, she started telling me how she doesn't know if she'll ever get over him.  She said she would never go back to him or have a physical relationship with him but she will still love him.  I get that - I will always love my ex wife, but not to the detriment of future relationships.  It's gotten to the point where she won't make our relationship public on Facebook - something she said she would do on New Years Day - because she's worried about him finding out and hurting him.  I normally wouldn't care, but its a bit hurtful to me.  Especially because she used to be engaged to someone else about 7 years ago - they were married at the time, and he wouldn't post anything about their relationship on Facebook, so it upset her.  Now she's doing the same thing to me.  Any time I bring it up, she says how I don't understand where she's coming from and that she can love two people at the same time because she's bisexual and polyamorous.  

I can kind of see where she is coming from at times, but most of the time I'm just waiting for something to happen with them.  I was a very jealous person in my previous relationships and am trying to not be that way any more.  It's a dark and ugly path and I don't like going down that road.  I am trying my best to be open and trusting and reasonable.

Does anyone think that I'm reading too much into the closure situation?  Does it make sense to anyone else how she's behaving?  Or is she just using me to try to get over the ex?  We've told each other we love each other and have even talked about marriage, so it feels serious.  When it's good with her, it's really good.  There is a strong connection there.

Any help/advice is appreciated.

TL;DR! - My (37yo) girlfriend (37yo) wants closure with her ex boyfriend.  Does she really want closure or is she just using me to wait him out?"|PizzaFan82|False|https://redd.it/ekzoab|1|0.67|0|8|1|relationships
ekzntq|2020-01-06 20:20:34|I’m starting a new relationship but I’m not sure if I’m sexually attracted to him|"So I (22/F) met a guy (23/M) on Tinder by changing my location. I’m currently not in the same place as him but I’m going to be soon because we are doing an internship for the same company and he’s already there. We’ve been talking for about a month now and have FaceTimed several times, but not met in person yet. We have SO much in common and have amazing conversations and he says and does literally everything that I’ve wanted/needed/craved in a relationship. All of the stuff I had to literally BEG my ex to do, he does unprompted and it’s incredible. I appreciate him so much and romantically I’m super into him. However, he’s not my normal “type” and I don’t know if I’m like...sexually attracted to him? I’m a very sexual person and we’ve sexted a few times and I was super into it but I’m nervous about meeting in person because what if I’m not into him in person? What if I’m actually not attracted to him? My friends have told me they’ve dated people they weren’t attracted to at first and had good relationships but I don’t know. Has anyone else been through this where they romantically are super into someone but it takes time to get there physically? Did that relationship work our for anyone? I want to be with him and I adore the crap out of him but I just don’t know about the physical element. 

TL;DR: I’m super into a guy romantically and want to be with him but I don’t know if I’m into him physically/sexually."|IWriteSinsNotGospel|False|https://redd.it/ekzntq|1|1.0|0|9|1|relationships
ekzj4n|2020-01-06 20:11:33|Should I [26F] confront a friend [25M] for not responding me several times?|"TLDR; A friend whom I had history with barely responded my text, I want to confront him what's going on and ask him whether he still wants to talk to me or not.

So I [26F] have known this guy [25M] for a year. We kinda had a history as friends with benefits. Since he's back with his girlfriend, working as a freelancer plus studying, we barely talk. We only met several times. I really don't mind if we don't talk as much as before, but honestly I am kinda upset with his response lately.

I sent him a Christmas greeting, he responded nicely but then when I asked him about his current final project of his study, he only read my text. But then NYE, I sent him another greeting. He also responded well, especially he remembered the things I've been through (July-November 2018 were extremely hard for me). Then I sent him text of thanking him for everything he has done to me, helping me through hard times, & showing me almost the entire island when I recently moved there. His next response? Nothing.

When we met for the last time in November, he told me how sorry he was when he forgot to respond my messages. He read it, but he forgot to reply because of work (and other factors that he didn't tell me but I knew it). ""I always told myself to reply your text, <reply her text, reply her text>, but then I got distracted again by work. I am so sorry,"" he said.

I still want to keep in touch with him because I consider him as a first good friend I know in this island, especially when I moved for the first time. We have good relationships. We already know each other well; we know each other's personal situations. He has helped me through some breakdowns I had during some difficult times (I live far away from my family & friends).

Also, as one of minor factors, having local friends in this island seems more difficult, based on my experience living in another city in the same country. To help with the cultural context, it's an island in a western Europe country.

For the record, I accidentally had feelings for him after 5 months, but at the same time he also confessed that he wanted to go back with her ex. BUT I don't have any intention of being in a romantic relationship with him. I only enjoy spending time with him, and that's it.

I know at some points, silence is an answer but I'd rather hear it from himself whether he still wants to talk to me or not.

Should I ask him what's wrong? If yes, what sentences are best to express my feelings and ask for his explanation?

At first I want to confront him by saying, ""Why don't you say anything to me? If I disturb you or don't want to talk to me anymore, it's better that you tell me right away."" I have asked a friend but she said it's too harsh/direct so I better modify the words a bit.

If I finally confront him, whatever his response is, I definitely would respect it.

Thank you in advance.

---

Update:
He just texted me. Seriously.
Whoa. I hope he doesn't have Reddit account."|grisnow|False|https://redd.it/ekzj4n|1|0.66|0|8|1|relationships
ekzfwe|2020-01-06 20:05:22|Tips for the Moving In Together conversation?|"Best practices that you've used or seen used by friends when having the moving in together conversation?

Back story, OP is 31F, departing roommate is 31F, we have 31M and 32M partners with their own places. 31F roommate is moving in with her bf, my partner and I will be talking tonight about our thoughts on if we were to do the same. He and I communicate well and always with the benefit of the doubt, this shouldn't be too hard of a conversation, regardless of what we decide. Very happy and steady in this relationship.

TL;DR Can you think of anything that would be good to ask about/keep in mind when discussing moving in with someone?"|climchanwrit|False|https://redd.it/ekzfwe|1|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ekueju|2020-01-06 13:51:51|I am feeling lost (24F) without my ex (25M) after a breakup around 8 months ago.|"\*\*TL;DR; : I started out in a long-distance relationship which then became close distance, then long-distance again until he broke it off with me. It's been 8 months, but my feelings haven't changed and I want to get back with him, despite him moving on with someone else\*\*.

 

Hello,

I've been contemplating writing here for quite a long time now, after reading lots of stories from other people I have decided to post here for myself. I am seeking for some advice from fellow redditors because I am at a loss for what I can do, I want my ex back but I am really unsure how to go about this because we are now long-distance and he started seeing someone else around 2 and a half months ago. I've watched and read many dating and advice columns, stories, ""guides"", tips etc. and all point to the ""focus on yourself to become more attractive"" but I am still frightened of losing him for good.

I should explain the dynamics of our relationship. To make things easier, I will call my ex ""J"" going forward.

We both met online, through a common interest - video games, back in February 2018. We hit it off really well and started talking to each other every waking hour of every day. Around April time, we both confessed to each other that we had feelings for one another and we decided we wanted to try dating. We planned to meet up mid-April, which we did and everything went very well, he only could stay with me for 4 days until he had to go back. He lives around 6 hours away from me.

Everything continued to go okay until around late May 2018, sadly J lost his job and his dog had passed away. He was struggling for money and was very concerned about losing his rented accommodation. I gave him a small amount of money towards his rent and also gave him some money for some food. He was searching for jobs but he wasn't hearing back on any applications. At this point, I was living with my parents at their family home, so he couldn't move in with me, or could he? My dad decided that to help him out of his situation he could come live with us, I was very worried because I feel (and still feel) that my family have ulterior motives (they wanted to make sure he was an okay guy, and ""good enough"" for me). J came to move with in with us in early June. Everything went well after he moved in, he started searching for a job where we lived now (100's of miles away from his old hometown), and my family and him got along great. After searching for a job throughout July and August, he decided to apply to the company I work for (I work for a client for upwards 40 hours a week from home) and he managed to get a contract with them in September. I was thrilled for him, we now had quite a bit of money between us and everything was going well, at least, I thought it was.

After some weeks into us working together, small dynamics between us started to change, he stopped giving me complements, he started being more negative about life, if we ever went shopping together, I always was the one who had to cover the bill and started getting more invested in playing on his computer rather than paying attention to me. I started to feel low (I've battled depression for a long time, but feeling a bit rejected made me very depressed), I started thinking I was the problem and started becoming miserable myself, fast forward to late November and we are no longer hugging, kissing, having sex, or anything. He snaps at me when he talks to me, he is barely washing because he is so depressed. I try speaking to him, but he doesn't acknowledge me. I was growing every more concerned that I was going to lose him, he was so depressed and I didn't know how to help him.

Christmas 2018 went okay, we both bought each other gifts and we were still living at my parents house, something I was very upset about. We had talked a lot about moving away, but we never got around to it. Fast forward to end if January and we start speaking about going on holiday together. We do just that, he treat me so nicely on holiday, but when we got back, things took a drastic turn. We both sat down and spoke to one another about our relationship and how things were going. We both wanted to be together, but we wanted to focus and turn our lives around and move away from where me and my parents currently lived. We decided together that the best course of action would be to move back to his hometown for a bit, and then maybe move further away. We discussed this at length and we came to the conclusion that to do this, he would need to go and stay with a friend (male) and his friends girlfriend (who was pregnant at the time). At the end of march, he left.

Fast forward again to middle of May 2019. We hadn't spoken much since he left, I was growing concerned that I was losing him, and then suddenly, I had. He broke up with me, over a text message. I begged and pleaded with him to let me speak to him, but he told me he had ""nothing more to say"". I was, and still am devastated.

In June 2019 he entered a new relationship, with an online mutual friend, but this caused some implications at our work place and I ended up finding out about it as he approached me for advice and help. He was so lost. He rang me, crying about his situation and asking what he should do. He was fearful that he may lose his job over this new fling (as she was a customer for our main client). I eased his worries, while I fought back the tears I was shedding, as the entire time we had split up, he kept telling me ""I can't be in a relationship"", ""I wouldn't be able to be in a relationship"".

Since then, we have had a few arguments about our breakup and he has always used the same response, that he has nothing more to say and that he can't be with me. In August 2019, we saw each other for the first time since we split up (the last time I saw him at this point was at the end of march, though he broke up with me in May). We were both at a work team activity for our client which is based in another country. The situation we were both in was very awkward, the entire time I was there I was fighting back tears and trying to stay okay, he kept trying to stay out of my sight. We both went home, both of us stressed from the encounter.

Shortly after, I moved out of my parents and am now living on my own instead, but still near my parents place. After the encounter, things started feeling a bit more stilted with our conversations at work, but he'd still come to me for advice. In October 2019 he got with another girl, but this time she is living near where he lives. He managed to also find a place. Since then, he hasn't really spoken to me much outside of work-related talk, he has instigated some small conversations, but outside of that he hasn't said much.

I still love him. I still care for him and worry about him. I feel awful for wanting him back after what he did, but I can't deny these feelings I have. I feel it may be impossible for me to get him back, and I honestly don't know what to do or where to go from here. I can't see him in person anymore, I can only speak to him through work and I am scared of losing him for good. 

What should I do?"|namazucatfish|False|https://redd.it/ekueju|3|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekz4rh|2020-01-06 19:44:55|Is it normal to lose drive in many aspects of your life after a long term relationship?|"Hello friends. My current girlfriend (24 F) and I (29 M) are coming up on our four year anniversary. I love her sooo much. We are very happy and I have absolutely zero complaints.

However, for quite a while I have felt that there has been an emptiness in some aspects of my life. It has been hard for me to put an exact finger on it until recently. My conclusion is that being in a long term stable relationship has removed a lot of my drive.

I used to put a lot of focus on my appearance. I used to work out more. I thoroughly enjoyed the chase while I was single. It was an invigorating game.

I just can’t bother to put much effort into my appearance anymore and that all consuming chase after women as a single man has completely left.

It’s almost as if life is on easy mode and it’s making me bored.

Anyone experience this? Just looking to vent and perhaps get some pointers. 

TL;DR : Bored.."|biggiefallzz|False|https://redd.it/ekz4rh|1|1.0|0|10|1|relationships
ekz1dp|2020-01-06 19:38:42|SOS my crush texted me and I lost all my words|"TLDR: he messaged me on Facebook out of the blue and I don’t know what to say anymore.

Okay, so let’s go backwards I work in homecare I’m his scheduler (he’s a nurse) I have had this ridiculous little crush on him since day 1. The day I met him I was in training and he asked me a question and I immediately fumbled all my words like a child (I’m in my 20s for goodness sake!) fast forward several months... I wanted pizza last night at work and since it was a weekend there is less of us so I was asking the girls if they wanted to go in on pizza. I had 1 person left to ask when all of a sudden he walks in and starts asking her to add a patient to her and whatever so I went over and asked if she wanted a pizza and I didn’t want to be rude so I asked him if he wanted any and he said no he had to go out to see a patient so I left it at that I didn’t think of it as anything. But then I get this Facebook message today (I think it’s important to note that I added him on Facebook over a month and a bit ago and we never talked on it ever) and it’s him asking me how my pizza was! I didn’t think a question about my favourite food could make me lose all my words.... but it did. Anyway we got talking about that and I asked him what his favourite food was etc and that was fine (this was all of 6 messages maybe) and now he sent the last message and I don’t want the conversation to end so I haven’t replied yet😂 I’m actually laughing at myself over here. I think he has a girlfriend but I’m not sure and if he does it’s not that obvious someone just told me a loooong time ago that he does... and i don’t want to ask him because he could just be being friendly asking me about my pizza and I could make this go weird real quick by asking. I’m feeling stuck here in this stalemate 😂"|R4t4Ref8|False|https://redd.it/ekz1dp|1|1.0|0|12|1|relationships
ekqhcr|2020-01-06 07:06:27|I (23M) am afraid to have sex with my girl (22F) and I don’t know how to fix it.|"This is a really weird thing happening to me, and I’m not sure what to do. Kinda long post. 

For starters, no, I am not a virgin. I lost my virginity as a freshman in HS. A senior took it at a party and I regret the night. After my first encounter, my hormones ran wild. This was also around the time I got my very own smartphone and discovered online porn. As you can imagine, things went pretty wild.

The middle of my Junior year of high school (December 2013), I realized I had an addiction and needed to stop. So I sold my phone, my laptop, and buried my head in books and stayed in public to stop my urges of masturbation. After about two weeks of pure torture, the urges stopped. I bought a new phone and laptop and continued with my life. I have not masturbated in almost 7 years.

Eight months ago, I met my girlfriend. We hit it off instantly. She’s a very shy person, so the topic of sex didn’t come up until the 5th month of our relationship. And when it did it was just talking about when it would happen, but she would immediately get flustered (she’s a virgin, if you couldn’t tell)

Here’s my problem. Last month she told me she was ready. I took her to the bedroom and prepared to go to work. I had my condom and I was definitely turned on. But after only seconds of putting the condom on, I went limp. All horny thoughts went away. Strange. I asked her to give me a few hours. We tried again that night, same thing. 

We’ve tried 7 times now, and it happens without fail every time. She’s getting understandably frustrated, but I can’t explain what’s going on. I told her my problem, and she had the idea to see if I went limp on something like porn. Unfortunately, I didn’t. I stayed hard and had my first orgasm in a long time, which made her mood worse. I’m so confused, because I am attracted to her physically, but more so I’m scared that I won’t be able to fulfill her needs and she’ll end up leaving me. What do I do?

TL;DR Haven’t masturbated/orgasmed in 7 years. Got a girlfriend who wants me to take her virginity. Can’t keep it up with her when it’s time to penetrate but everything else works fine."|NeimannSmith|False|https://redd.it/ekqhcr|9|0.76|0|10|1|relationships
ekyval|2020-01-06 19:26:34|Change my emotions about porn. 20sF|"Change my emotions about porn [20sF]

Hi all,

For whatever reason, I feel that porn is a direct threat to me and my relationship and self worth. I literally don’t think that should be the case. FYI he performs well sexually, doesn’t have unrealistic or unsafe expectations, makes me feel comfortable and cared for, and is genuinely a nice guy who just wants to explore sexuality via porn, but not people. We have sex 5 times a week.

I’d love some kind, firm, and honest feedback on how I can not take it so personally! I don’t want to be ruled by my fears that are largely unfounded. 

My biggest fear is that watching porn means he doesn’t feel committed and can’t ever be, and I am not filling my role as a partner and need supplementation. 

Maybe I am making a partner role too all encompassing and sexuality is not all that. Maybe I’m trying to be everything and that’s just not feasible. Maybe I’m young and insecure, or idealistic and unrealistic. Or maybe, we’re just incompatible and my feelings are totally justified. 

TL;DR: I think my insecurity prevents me from a good relationship with myself and my partner. Help me see how I can not take porn so personally!"|prettysadtbrh|False|https://redd.it/ekyval|1|0.6|0|14|1|relationships
ekyuoz|2020-01-06 19:25:21|Ex friend ruined my desire to make new friendships. I feel alone but can’t trust anyone.|"I was friends with this girl for a few months. She was the receptionist at the spa I worked at. Let’s call her Ann.

We’d hang out at her house all the time and we’d watch crime shows, drink wine together, and smoke weed. I considered her my best friend. Once she broke up with her boyfriend of 4 years, she stopped talking to me. 

It became pretty clear that something was off. Not so long after she randomly stopped talking to me, she started hanging out with other co workers. Knowing this really hurt me.

One day, I was talking to a different receptionist, let’s call her Lisa, at the front desk. Ann walked in, I said hi to her and she just looked up and smiled at me, basically ignoring me. While I was still standing there, she turned to Lisa and said, “Lisa! If you ever want to come over and hang out, just text me!” I felt like I wanted to pass out. She said this RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME WITHOUT BARELY EVEN ACKNOWLEDGING ME. It hurt so badly and it still does. My feelings didn’t matter to her.

I ended up texting her that night, telling her I was confused, that this feels personal, and that I’ve tried reaching out to her multiple times with no response. She told me it wasn’t confusing and never responded to me again.

She got fired from the spa shortly after that for being a no show one day. A few months went by, and she texted me out of the blue asking for a ride somewhere. I wasn’t available and she didn’t even respond to that. She just wanted to use me for my car. She didn’t really care about me.


She ended up having to go to rehab in Florida for a meth addiction. After rehab she decided to live in Florida. Sometimes I go on her instagram to see how she’s doing. She has new friends and she looks so happy. It hurts. It hurts to know that she probably doesn’t care about how she made me feel.

It’s been a year now. I can’t trust anyone anymore. I’m not interested in making friends anymore because I know they’ll leave or they’ll probably end up not liking me anymore. 

Has anyone gone through this? How do you overcome this?

Tl;dr: friend that I got very close with randomly stopped talking to me and treated me like I didn’t exist. She went to Florida for rehab and then decided to live there. I check her social media every once and a while and she looks so happy. It hurts."|noonelikesdissss|False|https://redd.it/ekyuoz|1|0.67|0|4|1|relationships
eklq0q|2020-01-06 00:24:48|Boyfriend[26] dumped me due to his mental health issues but still says I've[25] helped him a lot.|"My boyfriend (now ex) and I had been dating since October. After a while, into dating, he started telling me about how he suffered from severe anxiety and depression. He even told me that about a few months ago he tried to commit suicide, so I knew he was feeling pretty low. 

I tried my best to be supportive and for a while, I felt that it actually worked and he seemed to be happier. He asked me to be his girlfriend and we started planning several things we would do, such as trips, movies to watch, shows to see, mountains to climb, etc.  

Suddenly, he stops texting and after a few days, he says that we need to talk. He comes over and is clearly shaking and crying. He says that he really really likes me, and I've made him feel so much better the last few months than what he has done in a year, but he can't give me the love that I deserve since he can't love himself. 

Now, this really devastated me, as I was really starting to have feelings for this guy. He can't see for himself how wonderful and great he is, and this is stopping him from continuing our relationship. However, he said that I ""saved"" him from himself and that I've made him want to be a better person and get his life back together. But if I've been such a good person to him, why would he let me go? He said something like he needs to do this alone, but what to do you guys think? Has anyone been in a similar situation? 

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Boyfriend dumps me because of his mental issues, needs to fix them alone to ""love himself"", but also says that I've been a huge part in making his life better. Has anyone been in a similar situation?"|RosaShark|False|https://redd.it/eklq0q|33|0.84|0|12|1|relationships
ekt540|2020-01-06 11:52:08|Trying to grow up, but can’t because parents? Advice please.|"I’m 25 still at home with my parents. I have a great job and I’m in a stable relationship for over 2 years with someone who is also well established. We have been talking more about marriage/the topic of us living together soon. Brought this idea to my parents (who love my SO) but said that they wouldn’t like them anymore if we lived together before marriage or even when engaged. This is confusing because they want me to be an independent adult in every other facet of life. With other things they say “you’re 25 do what you want” but this is something they’re allowed to decide? I’m sure as a parent seeing your kid mature is tough but when does this end?! Advice would be great because I’m getting fed up and every time I try to talk about it, it turns into an argument.

TL;DR: Parents want me to be an adult except for when I want to move out with my SO. Won’t let go of what little control they have left and it’s pushing me away. Advice please."|overcaffinatedrn|False|https://redd.it/ekt540|3|0.6|0|14|1|relationships
ekyqq4|2020-01-06 19:17:57|My Tinder Story|"(26M)I know a lot of people think of these apps as just a hook-up outlet, but there definitely is love to be found on these dating apps. I was very skeptical for the longest time, as I have met all my other girlfriends in person. But about 2 years ago I met the love of my life ....on Tinder. 


I recently had gotten out of a very toxic 5 year relationship that essentially brought out every insecurity humanly possible to have, but I was finally able to cut the cord and try something new. I started hopelessly swiping with a broken heart and not expecting much at all. I came across a girl who we’ll call Jane. I swiped right and hoped for the best. At the time I had just started a new job which entailed very intense training where I was not allowed to use my cell phone at all from 5 AM to roughly 6 PM Monday through Friday. So my only active swiping time was really evenings when I got back to my apartment. A day later I get back to my phone and low and behold, I matched with Jane! 


After some regular back and forth conversation we meet in person. She invites me out to meet with her and one of her girlfriends on a Sunday night. So the first time I’m meeting her, I’m meeting her and her friend which seemed a little odd to me at first, but I guess this was a good ice breaker for the both of us. She looked exactly as she did in her Tinder photos, which was surprising. A beautiful girl with an amazing and funny personality. What more could I ask for ? 


We started dating and about 3 months go by and I’m still not over my ex girlfriend. Mind you, we’ve only broken up about 4-5 months ago and still had sporadic contact. This caused Jane and I to have some distance between us. We didn’t speak for the 3 months to follow and during these 3 months I dated other girls that I would meet on Tinder, but nothing really seemed to stick. So I’ve known her a total of 6-7 months at this time, 3 months of no contact. One night while in bed I get a phone call. Not only a phone call, a FaceTime phone call, from you guessed it! Jane! Let’s just say she was a little intoxicated with one of her friends and decided to call me randomly. This call rekindled our contact and we began basically where we had left off. 


Another 6 months goes by and we continue to casually date, but I’m STILL not fully over how my last relationship affected me. I dated another girl for a very long time who had broken up with me and got engaged to another guy within 12 months of our breakup and this really affected me. Jane also has a boy from her childhood who became a boyfriend who has deeply affected her and how she is in relationships. We both put up with this heartache and stick by each other for the next months to follow. 


Fast forward a few months and a few very bumpy roads later to mid 2019 and I get hit with STRONG feelings for Jane. I am so in love with her and would do absolutely anything for her. This whole amazing love story all created by... well Tinder. Jane and I grew up less than 10 miles away from each other, had many mutual friends, hung out at all the same places around town and somehow never came into contact with each other until Tinder. 


TL;DR!: Today, after everything and all the turmoil that we went through were still together and doing pretty well. There’s still work to be done but I guess this post is for anyone feeling hopeless in finding someone. There is absolutely someone out there for you and you will find them if you are actively looking. Who knows they might even be right in front of you just like Jane was for me..."|tothemoonryan|False|https://redd.it/ekyqq4|0|0.43|0|0|1|relationships
ekym7h|2020-01-06 19:08:55|I (social anxious and with BPD 14M) feel like my best and only friend (15M) doesn't care about me anymore.|"i'm a 14M with social anxiety borderline, personality disorder , slight deppresion and T1 diabetes (and some more minor mental disorders)

last year i had a crush on a guy in my school (at the time 14M) who i used to take the bus back home with , what made me fall for him is that he also had diabetes plus i didn't have any friends at the time , now there is a lot of complicated stuff that happened between us after that : basically he kept ignoring but i never gave up on him and eventually after some time we became friends

until now we had a pretty nice relationship , i considered him my best friend and we used to talk and text each other everyday while forgetting the fact that he was ignoring me before we became friends , i decided to forget about it and  live in the present witch is pretty hard when you have BPD witch makes me constantly go between loving people and hating them 

today i decided that i wanted to ask him out to the mall for the first time since we are in our mid year break , what he said kinda shocked me (but not really because my hateful BPD kinda expected it) , he said that he couldn't go out with me because he ""is gonna go out with his cousins during the whole break"" and i replayed with : ""wow really everyday :)"" but he didn't reply

i hate him , for so many months i was stuck between loving and hating him , i can't understand how i feel , i can't believe he'd rather hang out with his cousins who he knew his life than with me : his friend who he knows very deeply cares about and had never asked him to go out until now...

 my only friend doesn't really give a crap about me , he probably never carred about me in the first place... , and there's so much more stuff going on in my life right now like the fact that i have another crush on another guy who ALSO doesn't care about me , just like everyone else. it's frustrating i'm on the edge of killing myself

IDK what to do...

&#x200B;

TL;DR! : my best friend doesn't wanna go out with me despite us being friends for a year and i'm really frustrated about it."|buzzbuzz20xx|False|https://redd.it/ekym7h|1|0.67|0|2|1|relationships
ekvglt|2020-01-06 15:19:40|My (20M) dad (64M) refuses to be emotionally available with his sons (17M and 22M) and wonders why they are distant|"Reposted because I forgot a TL;DR 

I have two brothers, a 17 yr old I'll call A and a 22 yr old I'll call J. Since we were little my dad wasn't emotional with us. He's a We didn't really share emotions with us and showed his affection by giving us material objects. I think I have the closest relationship with my dad just because I'm the one that is doing best in school and a lot of conversations we have revolve around why my other brothers are spoiled or not doing as well. Especially my little brother. A can be spoiled and regularly defies my dad. He will go out to get breakfast at McDonalds or something and try taking my car. (we share it when I'm home from college so I don't have a problem with him taking it.) As he's going out the door, my dad will yell at him and ask him where he is going and scold him and its very aggressive way of talking. He talks to A like this almost all the time and I have not heard a normal conversation between them for years and it became way more noticeable when I'm home from college. There are many more instances, like when A gave our dog who was barking a lot a little treat, thinking it would quiet him down, my dad immediately was incredibly angry and they had a screaming match. My dad almost always starts yelling instead of actually going ""hey, you probably didn't know but that actually rewards the dog. Please don't do it again."" When A does something our dad likes, he will just buy him expensive objects but not really say anything like ""I love you"" or ""I'm proud of you."" My parents generally talk about A like a fuck-up or resentful and bad (my mom is probably a lot nicer but still says that kind of stuff) behind his back. My dad always complains how A never tells him anything or opens up. The thing is, A is defiant but not that bad of a kid. He did bad in high school but is improving. He used to get anywhere from F-As but now he's at C-As in school. He likes to hang out with his friends and he likes to sleep a lot. He doesn't fight other kids in class or get in trouble with the admins at school or stuff like that but my parents treat him like a criminal.

I tried to talk my dad into being more emotional and stop yelling at A but he said he does this because he does not trust A at all. He doesn't trust A to listen to him in a normal tone of voice. I have tried talking to both A and my dad but they continue this cycle. I got mad at my dad for trying to involve my gf into this. She's close with A too and he keeps asking her how her family is so close and affectionate and how they are so open to each other. He also asked for her input during a really awful argument between A and him whether my dad was right or A and she was incredibly flustered. I just don't like this anymore and I can leave because I go to college. But my brothers, especially A, have to deal with this while I'm gone. A doesn't open up to me either anymore and we used to be much closer. I am going to have one last conversation with my dad before going back to college on the drive to the airport and I would like advice if there is anything else I can say to make him realize what he is doing.

TL;DR: My dad has never been super emotional with his kids and buys us material objects instead. This lead to him being particularly distant with my youngest brother and my dad is wondering why but won't accept when I tell him the truth."|StockArea16|False|https://redd.it/ekvglt|0|0.64|0|7|1|relationships
ekykbg|2020-01-06 19:05:06|Wife (23F) of 2 years is mad at me (25M) for looking at porn.|"Hi people,

My wife and I are having a pretty big spat right now about my porn usage. I’m fine with giving it up and will be regardless of what the advice is, I just want some clarity from the outside because she’s crucifying me over this and I just don’t see why it’s such a big deal. I **do see** that it’s a big deal for her though, which is why I’m giving it up. Anyway, here’s the issue.

Issue: Last night, while watching some tv and maybe a couple hours after sex, my wife of a few months asked me when the last time I watched porn was. I told her that I don’t remember the exact last time but probably a week or two ago. I didn’t think it’d cause any issue because she masturbates to porn herself from time to time but she pretty much just stopped talking to me until this morning.

She asked me why I felt the need to look at porn when she’s willing to have sex whenever I want to which I said that I don’t need to and that I’d give it up if it bothers her. That wasn’t the right thing to say I guess because she said she would never believe that I don’t use it now and then accused me of looking at porn because I must not be satisfied with just her. I told her that isn’t the case and that sometimes I just get bored and look at it when she’s out of the house or when I’m on the toilet for the umpteenth time in a day (IBD) and don’t feel like passing the time with Reddit/Facebook/News again. She called me a liar and said to stop using such a lame excuse and I told her that I understand she doesn’t like it and won’t believe me but it’s not something I can really prove and so all I can do is be honest with her and stop looking at it going forward. 

She THEN got mad at me waiving her not believing me off as if it’s no big deal when i created this issue. So I asked her why it’s such an issue when she’s talked about looking at porn since we’ve been living together and having sex regularly (easily doing it 3-4 times a week although she would probably prefer 5-6). She said it was fine for her because there are some fantasies I can’t fulfill for her (she’s bi/bicurious and uses lesbian porn but I distinctly remember her sometimes using straight porn too). She followed up that she doesn’t want to have sex for a while and I know that if I act fine with it then she will use that as more ammunition for me not being attracted to her but fighting it will come off as if I don’t respect her sexual autonomy.

I guess I get that she does have attractions that I can’t fulfill, but I think it’s unfair that I’m being held to the fire so ruthlessly for just looking at it out of boredom while she can get off to it. 

Like I said, I don’t care enough about using it to fight with her about it. I’ll stop using it now that I know how badly this affected her but I feel like the main issue here is that shes insecure. She vents regularly about her weight and not being attractive (she is slightly overweight but I find her very attractive) and always wants the lights off for sex at night. She hasn’t really talked to me since we “talked” and I get the feeling that nothing I say is going to matter because she’s already decided how I feel.

So yeah, Am I wrong here Reddit? What can I really do to even begin resolving this issue because right now it feels like she’s going to
be upset at me and assuming I’m lying no matter what?

Tldr: wife uses porn herself but is very upset with me upon finding out that I look at it too."|Yeetastic42|False|https://redd.it/ekykbg|0|0.5|0|16|1|relationships
ekh4s6|2020-01-05 18:48:17|My girlfriend (22F) disappeared|"Having my first post on here be a cry for help feels like talking to an old friend on Facebook just to ask them to join my business idea, but I'm relatively desperate and in need of your opinions.

Backstory: 1 year long distance relationship with 22yo Muslim girl from Canada. I'm a 20yo European man. Despite time, culture and age differences we connect amazingly. We talk daily for 10ish months and at some point her family finds out about us and tells her to stop talking to me.

A week ago, we skype and have a good time watching the Witcher series. Her head hurt as she went to sleep, not before sending me messages meant to put a smile on my face when I wake up. On that day she was supposed to go to a Muslim person with her mom, presumably to talk about her relationship with me. I haven't heard from her since. I tried contacting through multiple apps and it appears that she either blocked me, or deleted her account on Facebook, WhatsApp and LinkedIn, LinkedIn? Why would she delete her LinkedIn? I tried calling her, but her number is not in service, which apparently means that it doesn't exist.

The only explanation for that would be that she lost her phone and she had to delete those accounts and cancel her SIM card. But she would've had Skype to contact me through. I called all hospitals in her city and thankfully she wasn't in any of them. I also checked online news and saw nothing related to her. 

At this point, there are two scenarios in my head. Either her parents took more extreme measures to make sure she isn't talking to me, or she decided to listen to them. School starts tomorrow and I hope she contacts me. 

What do you guys think? Am I missing something?

TL;DR - my muslim girlfriend of 1 year disappeared and I need help to figure out what happened."|victorvolf|False|https://redd.it/ekh4s6|89|0.93|0|24|1|relationships
ekyha6|2020-01-06 18:59:04|Am I wrong for feeling jealous and annoyed being compared to my (39M) boyfriends ex?|"My (39M) boyfriend and I (21F) have been together for 5 months. Just starting out in our relationship. But, I feel jealous and and annoyed for always being compared to his wife, soon to be ex wife. He is currently going through a nasty, corrupt divorce from his abusive, controlling, alcoholic wife. They were together for 13 years and have two kids together. I'm always being compared to her, that I do this a different way than she does, or I'm doing that a different way than she does. I feel guilty for feeling this way, because you can obviously tell that he has definitely been hurt by this but do I have to be compared to her every single day? And, should I bring the subject up to him? 


TL; DR: Feeling guilty for being jealous and annoyed for being compared to my boyfriends ex."|adorable21|False|https://redd.it/ekyha6|1|1.0|0|22|1|relationships
ektuvp|2020-01-06 13:01:06|Am I a bad person for being annoyed with my elderly neighbour with probable dementia?|"Hi all, I wasn't sure where to put this post. I'm not even really sure what I need, maybe reassurance, maybe advice?

My next-door neighbour is in his 80s and is fixated on his phone, which is one of these small, simple, old people phones. He would repeatedly come to me and ask me to ""fix"" it.

The ""fixing"" usually means lowering/increasing the volume or setting the time and date. Sometimes the time and date would already be correct, sometimes the battery would be dead so I would have to instruct him that he needs to charge it first. The task usually takes me seconds.

The issue is, he does it very frequently and at odd times. Sometimes I would get back from my job, not even have the chance to remove my coat and he would be ringing my doorbell. He would do it very early in the mornings on Saturdays and Sundays, when I'm in bed with my partner. If I don't open the door fast enough, he would sometimes grab the handle and barge in. We needed to start locking our doors for this reason, because he once cought me in the middle of my bath, and once in just a t-shirt and panties. I asked him to leave, because I' m in my underwear, but I had to do it repeatedly before he left. Sometimes he would offer me chocolate and money for the phone support but I would always decline.

To be fair, I started ignoring the doorbell knowing it is him. I know it takes me literally seconds to set his time and date again, but I don't feel like getting  up in the morning, getting dressed or dropping whatever I am doing just to indulge him again. I would just stay in my bed knowing he will be literally back in ten minutes, and if I ignore him again, he would try to grab my handle and get in (unsuccessfully), and keep coming until I open the door for him and fix the issue. Sometimes he would come again with another issue on the same day. Once he came to us eight times on a Sunday.

I know he is unwell and I know his family struggles with this situation 24/7 while it only takes me seconds to set his time on his phone. But I work full time, have a long commute, need to find time for friends, pets and hobbies, so when I have my precious free time, I don't want to have my rest disturbed repeatedly.

Tl;dr my elderly neightbour would pester me repeatedly for to change his phone setting and I am tired of it."|KaszaJaglanaZPorem|False|https://redd.it/ektuvp|3|0.81|0|6|1|relationships
ekhpx7|2020-01-05 19:29:25|I'm (22F) getting tired of my In-law (50M) behaviour and burst in his face today.|"Hi there Reddit.

Since September 2019, I go back and fourth to France from Belgium to take care of some personal business, namely my driving classes to get my license. My dad accepted to take care of the financial side of my license and I'm feeling very grateful towards him for that. Before all this mess, I used to have a very powerful bond with my in-law dad (language barrier, I'm not married to my partner).

Since that moment, he started getting annoyed by whatever thing I could say or do wrong in his point of view, even the slightest thing like not facetiming with him for 2+ hours every night. He stated in October that ""my parents did nothing good compared to the love he's giving me"" and that ""my place was there, in Belgium with my true family"". I had very serious conflicts in the past with my parents but it started to soothe with time.

I know he has problems with the first daughter he had back when he was still living in US, she wrote on her Facebook profile in November that she ""felt grateful towards her mom raising her alone and that her dad was dead at her eyes"" despite all the child care he took care of and the trips he did back then just for her. Since then he started feeling even more depressed.

In Christmas Eve, he sends a text that ""I was not invited to the Christmas party anymore but BF is still invited if he wants to"" even though hewas not the one hosting us that night. Why ? Because I didn't text him enough, giving enough news. I've managed to soothe the situation and ended up going with them anyway and didn't make a scene.

Today, I sent him a Happy new year wish through message because I'm going back to France. He answered ""Thx. U2"". I asked if anything was wrong and was still pissed at me for ""not answering what he addressed me"". I ended up exploding through message that I was tired of stepping on my toes constantly when I interact with him, that the preaching of discussing like adults was not applied on his side, that he behave like a teenager and that he could stay mad at me because I am tired feeling bad for nothing.

I feel terrible and I think I overstepped. Should I apologize ?

TL;DR : used to have a strong bond with in law dad, go back and fourth from France to Belgium for driving classes since September, since get constantly pissed at me for x or y reason, wanted to dismiss me on Christmas Eve, wished him happy new year through message today, he was still pissed, texted him back that I was tired of stepping on my toes around him and feeling terrible because of him. Now I feel bad and wonder if I should apologize."|IHateBloodElves|False|https://redd.it/ekhpx7|75|0.88|0|39|1|relationships
ekjb07|2020-01-05 21:25:44|I (19F) kinda ruined the love between my best friend (20M) and I|"
So for some background information, my best friend (I’ll call him Ryan) and I have known each other since freshman year of high school and we’ve only ever been friends but lately we’ve started to get a little closer and flirt with each other and we both cuddle sometimes. I could tell that we both were developing feelings for each other and we both didn’t want to say that we did because we don’t want to ruin our friendship. Well, here’s the bad part that happened. It was two days ago and we were walking back to our dorms and I said my hands are cold, and Ryan does this thing where he warms up his hands and puts it around mine. Then I said my arm was cold and he put his warm hands on my arm. Im so embarrassed typing this but I said to him, “my butt is cold” and then he looked at me like he was confused and took his arm off me. His dorm was right by us and he said “good night” and I felt awful. I texted him like that didn’t happen and he hasn’t been acting the same. What should I do?

tl;dr: my best friend and I had feelings for each other but I told him to touch my butt and now he doesn’t like me"|oceanbri|False|https://redd.it/ekjb07|51|0.85|0|18|1|relationships
eky4lb|2020-01-06 18:34:18|Me (27m) and my boyfriend (31m) are together for 7 years and he didn't want to grow up|"Like i said me and my boyfriend are together for a 7+ years,we know each other from kids.Long story short we've lived in the same town for about 3-4 years but since 3 years I'm in another Country (studie/work) and we met about 2 times in year.

Main problem its that he didn't want to grow up and achieve something,but I want and it's really hard to work alone in foreign countrie and someone that you love tell you all the time to come back and do nothing together (because I know If I go back there will be no future without my degree and he know it too).

I love wenn we are together but I think there will be better future for me without him, he take everything like a joke and didn't want to make thoughts for the future.

I have tried so many times to tell him that he needs to do something,I have found him a job and everything,he stay only 2 months and then go back.

Its there someone with experience with this kind  of person?


Thanks.

TL;DR: how to broke up with someone you love"|jorjganchew|False|https://redd.it/eky4lb|1|0.99|0|4|1|relationships
ekv006|2020-01-06 14:43:13|What is fair|"What is fair

So I live with my girlfriend and we are going through a rough patch. I would like for things to be very equal between us but that’s not how things can be at this time. 
     She is going through financial hardship- car repairs dental bills insurance etc. I am paying a very high majority of the rent where we live. (she pays less than 1/10th what I pay here) I can understand that and I’m not here to rag about that. 
   However, where should I draw that line for equality? Should I expect her to pick up the slack of rent with her keeping up on things around the house? Is that too much to ask? Open to any advice or any suggestions and appreciate any replies.
    Tl;dr my girlfriend pays less than 1/10th of the rent and I don’t know what’s reasonable for her to make up for it."|dsrta|False|https://redd.it/ekv006|2|1.0|0|10|1|relationships
ekoj8v|2020-01-06 04:06:03|My best friend (26F) admitted that she has feelings for a guy (26M) I'm (26F) seeing tomorrow|"Hello!

For background: We all went to college together where these two were as thick as thieves until they drunkenly hooked up sophomore year. The hook up ruined their friendship and they only talked once or twice til graduation. We all met up a year ago or so for a reunion where we all became pretty close again and this guy and I hooked up, with our friend's permission (in fact she basically made it happen).

Currently: My friend and this guy recently went on a trip together and became incredibly close again, to the point where they say that they love each other and consider themselves to be ""platonic"" soulmates. She told me that she propositioned him for sex one night on their trip and she doesn't remember what happened or any conversation that occurred, but they did not have sex.

My friend broke up with her boyfriend (yeah, she went on a trip alone with a guy who wasn't her bf) upon returning home and then suggested to this guy that he and I hook up again. We set a dinner date for tomorrow without discussing hooking up, but instead using this friend as a messenger to basically plan it out. She's also told me that if she hadn't suggested to him that he and I hook up, it probably wouldn't happen.

Tonight, I received word from a mutual friend aware of the situation that my friend still has feelings for this guy. I called her and asked her about it and she basically confirmed that she still does but that she would not act upon any feelings for a few years or so. She said that she's still grieving her relationship and since she's had feelings for this guy for years now, waiting a little longer wouldn't hurt.

The problem is that I feel like I would be the world's biggest asshole if I still hooked up with this guy tomorrow but at the same time, I too developed feelings (maybe an infatuation only?) during all this time and I genuinely don't know how to proceed but I really want to see him tomorrow. We're all going to be living in the same city soon and I am far more dependent on my friend than this guy for friendship. I am kind of an introvert/bad at making friends so having her around is essential but she also said that she doesn't care? I don't know what to do. Please, if y'all have any advice, I would love to hear it.

TL;DR: I want to see a guy who my best friend and I both have feelings for."|buhbuhbelllllllaaaa|False|https://redd.it/ekoj8v|15|0.82|0|9|1|relationships
eko7nb|2020-01-06 03:38:33|A friend [M22] had sex with me [F20] and I feel like he took advantage of me but I don’t know what to do because all of my friends are his friends too.|"To;dr at bottom. So I [F20] had this experience with a friend [M22] of mine and I’m just. not sure what to make of it. There were 2 incidents that happened, sorry if this turns out really longer. 

The first, I was at a Christmas party with a number of friends. This guy (I’ll just call him John) who I don’t know super well but I see pretty often was there. I predictably got super drunk, and he offered me an edible, which I took. At some point, I blacked out so my memories after that are really spotty. 

We went outside at some point with a couple other people and I remember sitting on the hood of a friend’s (who I am actually seeing, not dating, just seeing..but he had left the party to go to the bars for a bit. I’ll call him Tim) car. I guess John came over with me. At some point he started kissing me, and had me against the hood of the car. I remember saying something along the lines of “this is fucked up, I’m fucking Tim, I don’t want to do this on his car! ” and he said “I don’t care” and kept kissing me. I’ve got pretty much no memory of what happened after that but I remember being back inside and talking to a friend about it because I didn’t know what to do, and I apparently sent a message to my best friend asking her to call me because I was stressed at about 1 am. As far as I’m aware, nothing happened after that because the guy I’m seeing, Tim, came back and was there for the rest of the night. 

A couple of days later, I was hanging out with a few of the same friends, including John (who has a girlfriend). He had to go to this other Christmas party, and didn’t want to go because it was going to be awkward for him. He asked me to come with him, and I was like aaaah I dunno, but my other friend was like “you should go it’ll be fun” and I have a really hard time saying no to people, so I went. 

We went to his apartment to pick something up and he was standing way too close, and I realized I’d probably fucked up by coming. But we went to the other party and we stayed there for like 10 minutes and left. I had kinda assumed he would take me back to my car at my friends’ apartment, but we went back to his apartment instead and I was like okaaay. We were just sitting on his couch talking, and we talked about what had happened at the party. I told him several times I was kind of uncomfortable with what had happened at the party, and I felt bad about it and that it shouldn’t happen again and he just kept trying to convince me it was fine. Eventually, he offered to smoke so I smoked with him. Bad idea, I realize that now. 

Then he started kissing me and I would say something along the lines of “I don’t know, I already feel really bad about all this, and I’m stressed and I really don’t know about this.” We’d talk about it, then repeat. I was really high, which was a mistake, so I was really quiet and not saying much of anything. I wanted him to take me back to my car but I was way too high to drive at that point. He asked if I wanted to lay down and I just...didn’t say anything. Then he literally picked me up and carried me into his room and I was just like “nooooooooo.” He kept kissing me on his bed, and several times he stop and try to take it further and everytime I would just be like “I don’t know, I don’t know” and he just kept trying to convince me and saying things that I felt like were pressuring me. 

Eventually, he took my pants off anyway. And I was still like “I really don’t know,” but I didn’t stop him either and I let him do that. But I really, obviously wasn’t into it. He didn’t finish, but he kept trying to convince me to spend the night, but I said I needed to go back to my car. 

I just don’t know what to do because I feel like he took advantage of me but I’m also aware that my actions were probably confusing and I didn’t at any point try to stop him. I’m worried because I have to see him pretty often, and I don’t know how to make things clear between us without ruining everything as friends. I don’t want to talk to any of my other friends about it because I don’t want to start drama. I don’t think John is a bad guy or anything, I just know that I can’t hang out with him alone or get drunk or high if he’s there. I keep not being able to fall asleep at night because I’m just thinking about what happened and the whole situation is really upsetting. I just want general advice I guess because this whole thing has me stressed.

**TL;DR:** Friend kissed me while I was black out drunk/high. I told him I wasn’t comfortable with what happened. A couple of days I was really high with him and he had sex with me, despite me being really unsure and uncomfortable and not really wanting to. How do I manage this situation like a normal person?"|throwaway483737594|False|https://redd.it/eko7nb|14|0.68|0|34|1|relationships
ekqxlm|2020-01-06 07:54:24|My girlfriend thinks I'm cheating on her, But I'm not!|"So I've been in a long distance relationship with this girl since July and she's LITERALLY the love of my life. She's amazing I'm everyway and we've been friends forever and finally started dating and it's been perfect.
Recently she came to visit me for the first time (back in November) and it was an amazing time. Now I have literally nothing to hide at all. I left my phone open in front of her the entire time and I never delete any conversations because I'm loyal as hell. Like literally nothing can turn me on except her, that's how loyal I am. So she took my phone while I was driving to change the song, and she ended up looking at my Instagram DMs. She came across a conversation I had from 3 months ago with my ex, and it was a normal just catching up conversation (hi how's it going) type stuff (we've been broken up for 7 months with no contact prior) and it was honestly very innocent all around. For some reason she took that as me cheating on her (?) and thinking that I still have feelings for her.
Big side note, I don't stay hung up on things for long. Even relationships it takes me a total of 2 weeks on average to FULLY get over. And she knows that.
On top of that she actively talks to ALL of her exes (she has 4 or 5 of them she talks to and still hangs out with sometimes) and it doesn't bother me at all. People change and feelings change. If she wants to have friends they're just friends and I trust her with my life on that. 
I tried telling her my case but she went on about how it's emotional cheating, how I still have feelings for her all that. It literally isn't ANYTHING like that. I even went as far as showing my and her friends the ENTIRE conversation and they didn't see anything wrong with it.
So we had a break for a few months and we're slowing getting back into the relationship again, and I thought she understood everything and realized she was wrong about it, but tonight she got drunk and brought it up again. And now she's saying I'm gaslighting her by telling her it's not cheating. And that apperently in the conversation I was ""acting like her boyfriend"". It was far from that. I mean I left her on read and haven't talked to her SINCE which as been 5 months as of now.
I really don't know what to do or how to explain myself to where she believes me. Everyone I talked to said this stemmed out of her insecurity, but I have no idea what to do about that.
I really love her and want to fix it for good but I don't know how.

TL;DR My girlfriend thinks an innocent conversation with me catching up with my ex is cheating, even though she actively is friends with her exes and I trust her."|neznumber3|False|https://redd.it/ekqxlm|6|0.9|0|6|1|relationships
ekxa4o|2020-01-06 17:33:28|My (F24) boyfriend (M25) says that this should come naturally to me?|"Hi there, sorry if this is kind of a long one. 

So I've been having these issues with my boyfriend of three months. I know the relationship is new, but we're very happy otherwise. Here's the problem:

This originally started a couple of months ago. My boyfriend plays basketball, and he was injured and couldn't play. He could barely even walk for a while. He was sitting at home all day doing nothing (was in between jobs at the time). As a high energy kind of person, he was frustrated from sitting around and not having things to stimulate him other than video games, etc. I noticed it was during this time that we started fighting for the first time. He would say that I don't do enough for him. I thought I was a relatively normal girlfriend and that we both were pretty even in the way that we would do things for each other (cook dinner, etc.) but I agreed that maybe I could be a little less passive. I did start doing that, and he said that he recognized that.

Now, the same problems have come up again, but it's confusing for me. He will be happy with something at the time but then later he will fight with me about something and all of a sudden the things he was happy with are not good enough for him anymore. For instance, over Christmas break he got sick. While he was sick he was over at my place. I told him I had lots of leftovers from the holiday so I wanted to save money and make us dinner from that. He said he was good with that and I made a plate for us from a bunch of leftovers (spring rolls, samosas, crackers, fruit, meats and cheese). Then we went to sleep and during the night he was too hot and I was slightly awake and he asked me for a lighter sheet and I said no I don't have any and rolled over, because I really don't own any.

Cool. We wake up the next morning, he's still stick but everything's fine. Then I told him i was going to drive him home (1.5 hours away). He insisted on taking the bus back to make it easier for me because I always drive to pick him up and drop him off. I said okay to that plan and dropped him 5 mins away at the bus station. 

He messages me to tell me that he's on the bus and everything's fine and I said okay cool. Then I get a message about work and I tell him about it and I say ""wow I'm stressed for Monday now"" and he just gets so pissed. Saying that he does everything for me but I still complain and ""there's always something"". I told him I'm not stressed because of him or anything, it has nothing to do with him I was just venting my feelings and I'm over it now anyways. He then goes on about how he's on a long bus ride while he's sick and that he thinks it should be common sense that I should've cooked him a meal but instead I gave him cheese (?) (the leftovers we had for dinner), that I just said no when he asked if there was a lighter sheet (I was barely awake and didn't even remember that until he brought it up). He said these things should come from ""willingness"", common sense and should come naturally. 

I was taking care of him the whole night as well feeding him tea and medicine to help him feel better. It's not like I was obviously not caring about him or ignoring him or something.

The sheet and the leftovers are examples of many small similar things he was ranting about when we were fighting. He ignores me when I tell him that if he's unhappy with something, he should tell me at the time.

I'm just confused because he acted like everything was fine. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells because I don't know if anything that I am saying or doing is the right thing. He may even seem happy and say he's happy but then if we fight later he could bring up every little thing I've said or done and tell me it's wrong.

Is he being a big baby when he's miserable and taking it out on me or am I just not doing enough/the right things? Any advice is much appreciated.

TL;DR My boyfriend acts like he's happy and everything's fine until we fight and then he blows up at me that every little thing I do/say is not correct."|lobollyollie|False|https://redd.it/ekxa4o|1|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ekp5t0|2020-01-06 05:00:27|My mom and her new partner came to visit me overseas and I hate it.|"First time poster here.

So, I (24,F) have been in Australia with my bf (24, M) since November 2018. A week before I left, my parents announced they were getting divorced. Both of them are already in new relationships. 

For christmas my mom (52,F)  decided to visit me with her new partner (56,M)  for 7 weeks while we travel together. Australia is a country he always dreamed about visiting. He is paying for everything. All good.

But things are getting very sour. She is babying him like crazy, they are all over each other and I feel like a tour guide on their honeymoon. She is constantly taking his side on everything and just speaking in his name (e.g. put the airco down, BF has a headache). Its small stuff all the time but I am so over it. So is my bf. It's all getting very passive aggressive with loads of snide comments.

We have another 4 weeks left and there is so much tension. I dont really know how to address it with my mom. The reason I'm so frustrated is because my mom never looked twice at my dad, didn't have time for anything ever (they both have a business) but now she got a new job, takes heaps of trips, loves to cook, is basically the perfect housewife.

Any advice how I can deal with this? I feel like leaving but that will just put a dent in our relationship.

TL;DR my mom is on a holiday with her boyfriend and me and the bf, I can't handle their relationship."|mari-jpg|False|https://redd.it/ekp5t0|12|0.78|0|17|1|relationships
ekg254|2020-01-05 17:32:48|Boyfriend is a blamer in arguments and I need advice|"My (29F) boyfriend (32M) of 7 months I have discovered is a blamer in arguments. Anytime we have a disagreement he turns it in to a full blown fight and ends up twisting everything and blaming me so it ends with me apologizing and feeling guilty for getting upset. I feel like I am walking on eggshells with him and I can't talk to him about anything like rational adults because he just gets angry. For example, we were going to his moms house close to dinner and I told him in the car I didn't want to stay long because I have to go home and cook dinner. Later at his moms he says well girlfriend wants to leave so it's time to go. I told him I was upset that he was making me the bad guy when he could have just said hey we need to go eat so it's time to go. He got mad and told me it was what I wanted and he didn't know what he wanted from me and just dismissed anything I tried to say. He is actually a good guy and there are so many things I love about him, I just don't know how to cope with his argument style. Do other people have experience with this type of person and how do you approach things so they don't just shut down and blame you for everything?


EDIT: I was not expecting this many responses and it has been hard to get back to everyone. I do appreciate everyone’s advice and I will be taking it. I don’t think he will put up much of a fight leaving luckily. 
&#x200B;

TL;DR - Boyfriend blames me for everything in arguments and I don't know how to approach things so we can communicate better."|jcr5431|False|https://redd.it/ekg254|81|0.89|0|111|1|relationships
ekx651|2020-01-06 17:25:20|Not sure how to handle breaking up with my best friend/roommate?|"I’m in a situation that I can’t figure out.

I (29M) live with my best friend (24F) of four years. Slowly over time I developed feelings for her until the feelings turned into head over heels.

She doesn’t know, but I know her well enough to know that she absolutely does not feel the same way. And even if she did, she’d never risk our friendship to pursue it. I’ve tried to forget the feelings. I’ve even tried focusing on my career and other women, but all my mind thinks about is her. 

It’s become an obsession. I can’t focus on anything but her. It’s straining me and beginning to strain out dynamic.

I need to distance myself from her. Probably indefinitely, but the issue is we live together. I can’t go on like this. It hurts watching her pursue love interests. It hurts losing myself and being distracted so bad that I can’t be happy.

She’s amazing to be around and is a decent human being. I’m happy to know her. She adores me and has stuck by me through thick and thin, and I don’t want to break her heart, but every moment I stay around, slowly breaks mine. I have to go.

Problem is I have 4 months left on our lease. Technically, she’s not on it officially because of her credit, but she splits the rent and utilities down the middle with me. 

We decided to room together mostly because she had nowhere to stay in our city. She doesn’t make much and can’t easily find somewhere else to stay. She’s a smart, resourceful girl and will figure it out if I give her enough time though.

I was thinking of breaking the news next month. That’d give her approx 3 months to figure something out. She’ll have a nice tax return check to help her too.

She won’t take the news well though. She’s up to her neck in stress and doesn’t need this piled on top.

I have to do something though because my feelings are becoming overwhelming and is causing me to lash out emotionally. I hate that she doesn’t think of me the same, but it’s not her fault. She doesn’t deserve this.

My plan is to slowly fade out once we’ve separated. She’ll be hurt, but we’ll both heal and be happier in the long-run. I just don’t know how I should go about it.

Should I just tell her I don’t want to room anymore? She’ll wonder why. I don’t want to confess anything or feelings dump. I just want to separate. What about after? Is it okay to just fade away?

The reason I don’t want to tell her is because she has serious trust issues and I don’t want her to think I was never truly her friend, but some guy trying to get in her pants. She truly is my best friend, and my friend FIRST. I just fell in love with her. She won’t understand that though.

They say breaking up with a friend is a beast unlike breaking up with a romantic interest.

Any advice will be appreciated.

TL;DR: Fallen for my best friend roommate and need to distance myself from her indefinitely. Not sure where to start. Or where to end."|PluckedNerves|False|https://redd.it/ekx651|1|0.67|0|8|1|relationships
ekpt5g|2020-01-06 06:00:59|I [25 M] caught my girlfriend [26 F] with dating apps on her phone|"Today I came back from visiting my parents after been away for a week and I caught my girlfriend with dating apps on her phone. She was on her phone and she put it down I saw it and it was right there. I confronted her and I asked her to show me which she didn't. And then I asked why and she said that I didn't pay enough attention to her, that she felt unwanted and stuff and that she downloaded those apps so someone could talk to her and pay attention to her. I just don't believe her. I can't even describe how betrayed I feel. I told her it was over and now she is harassing me to stay with her.

I am not comfortable with that even of she did not cheat on me. I was not even ignoring her when I was away. And I think that if she needs my attention this bad that's another entire issue.


TL:DR My gf had dating apps on her phone because she said she needed to talk to someone because she felt I was ignoring her when I went to visit my parents for a week."|Suffocation976|False|https://redd.it/ekpt5g|10|0.79|0|13|1|relationships
ekx1op|2020-01-06 17:16:27|My boyfriend (24m) gets mad when I (20f) call him cute.|"I’ve been dating my boyfriend for 6 months now and I always call guys cute when I think they’re sexually attractive because to me it feels weird to call someone sexy or hot? But anyways whenever I call my boyfriend cute he says “yeah I’m just cute right? Girls don’t wanna fuck guys who are just ‘cute’ so when you say that you’re basically saying you don’t find me sexually attractive.” And I’m like WTF that’s not the case at all. He would rather me call him hot or sexy I guess but it just feels unnatural to me. Anyways what gives? Is it really that bad to compliment someone by calling them cute?

TL;DR

is it normal for a guy to be offended by getting called cute?"|sunnygirl121|False|https://redd.it/ekx1op|1|1.0|0|10|1|relationships
ekx1kw|2020-01-06 17:16:13|Girl [21?F] ghosted me [20M] but texted back two weeks later? I'm curious.|"So I asked out this girl from my class at the beginning of December. Things seemed to be going well, conversation was alright and she seemed genuinely interested. We were trying to plan a date for a weekend and she did seem hesitate to sort the details. 

Anyone she suddenly stopped responding to me the Monday before our ""date"". Again, she seemed interested and like it was going well!

So I tried a couple times to get a response and gave up afterwards. I figured she had officially ghosted me. Almost two weeks later I get a text again from her: ""Hey!"" No sorry or excuse? I was a bit pissed and my friends told me to just ignore her so I did. 

Now that was a week ago. School starts again in a couple weeks and I know she's at least in one of my classes. I'm curious what is going through her head and if we can work things out so at least class is awkward. Part of me is really just curious and wanting closure. I'm worried tho that this is coming out desperation. I don't really have any friends and would like a girlfriend. 

Tl;Dr: Girl (who I thought was interested) ghosted me but texted back. I want some closure."|jagman1099|False|https://redd.it/ekx1kw|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ekx0hf|2020-01-06 17:13:56|My (20f) boyfriend (31) (1.5 years relationship) asked around for help on my behalf without asking me??? I told him I’d didn’t need any help with this situation.|"I don’t have a vehicle, I’m trying to get on my feet and I really don’t want to have to ask people for assistance for things that I can do for myself! 

Well I’ve got a dentist appointment today! (Yay..) And my bf has to work, so I have to walk. and I’m 100% okay with that! I enjoy walking. Though, nobody seems to believe me when I say so. I like walking to work if he is working, I’d rather not ask for rides anyways. I always enjoyed going on walks with friends, previous partners, or just going by myself to move and think. 

Well this morning after he left for work, he called me and told me that his grandmother had nothing else planned for today, other than cleaning her house for a get together, so he asked if she could drive me to the dentist and back. This would entail that she’d be either waiting in the waiting room or in her car or leaving for 30-45 minutes and then coming back to pick me up. 

I DO NOT WANT THAT. 

I was put in an awkward spot! If I refuse, I’m rude. If I say yes, I’m making someone go out of there way for me when I could easily walk the 30 minutes there and back and be happy about it. We live in the middle of town for goodness sake! 

I already planned to leave 5 minutes earlier than I needed to be safe, and planned out my route so I won’t go on any back roads, and checked on google maps to be sure it wasn’t too long, BEFORE I decided to walk and NOT ask for help. I know I can ask for help but I only want to do so if I NEED it. 

I must’ve sounded upset on the phone, because he got a bit of a tude and asked what was wrong. So I told him, “Well you’ve roped me into having to ride with someone who’s going out of their way to help me and I already told you I’d walk.” 

And his first response was anger, naturally, “It’s a 40 minute walk! You don’t even know the fastest way to get there! You don’t actually know where it is or how far it is! You know what, fine. Walk.” And he hung up. 

He always acts as if I don’t know anything. That I can’t possibly know anything because I’m younger. It gets on my nerves! (Just a bit..)

I understand that he was trying to help and make it easier for me.. but to ME it feels like he’s PARENTING me! Like he’s walking around me waving a giant neon sign with an arrow flashing at me that says, “Broke, incapable, useless woman needs assistance! Please pity her and go out of your way to help her! I can’t at the moment!” 

I wouldn’t be upset if he talked to me first! 

“Hey, I’ll be talking to my mawmaw later about so and so, do you want me to see if she’s busy today? If not, we could see if she could take you to the dentist?” <- would’ve made me feel a lot better than... 

“Hey, I know you said you’d like to walk but I’d rather you not so I asked my grandmother ANYWAYS and shes going to drive you to and from your appointment!” 

Am I upset over nothing?

TL;DR: Boyfriend asking people to go out of their way to help after I told him no."|EDel32|False|https://redd.it/ekx0hf|1|0.66|0|7|1|relationships
ekwwar|2020-01-06 17:05:52|Would like some third person perspective on myself (Looking for honest criticisms)|" 

Going  to be brutally honest here and a bit vulnerable so bear with me, but  looking for insight or somethings to possibly correct or alter.

28M,  Just went on a date last night that resulted in a ""Not feeling a  romantic connection"" response after talking for 3 hours in person, good  conversation, eye contact, her touching my arm several times, laughing,  smiling ect. Feels like a shotgun to the heart because this is not the  first time this has been uttered and I just don't know if it is me or  them?

I am not the best when it  comes to sociability to be honest, but not exactly terrible with  relationships. My first relationship was from 18 - 20, after that 21 -  26 then 27 - 28. So, as I sit here 28 with 3 somewhat extensive  relationships I am kind of spinning and lost a bit as to what exactly is  going on with my dating experience that I am not being seen or wanted  past a first date?

Been single for  about 8 or 9 months now, been on about 8 or 9 dates as well. I am  inquisitive, try to go off cues and reciprocate, I would say I am kind  and try to be charming, funny and intellectually engaging, but I am not  sure if I am not initiating properly when it comes to physicality. I  will admit that is one of my weaker points is reading when it is right  to do anything or being respectful and not engaging at all. One of the  first dates I went on the woman interacted with holding my hand first  and that gave me some comfortability to hold her hand later on in the  night and it went somewhat well with breaking that barrier, but  subsequently after that the other women I have been on dates with have  poked, jokingly hit my arm, one girl punched me lightly in the ribs and  asked for two hugs before we planned a second date, I guess I am just  confused as to what should I be doing here? I want to break that barrier  and show them more of myself in that regard, but it kind of worries me I  will be seen as weird, being too much or it being disgustingly  unwanted. In all honesty I think this might be linked to my most recent  ex though as she had some traumatic incidents happen with her and for  awhile I had to ask to do things or even when we first started dating I  respectfully waited till she was ready for anything, but now I think I  have garnered some possibly PTSD from that and am somewhat worried that I  will trigger these women and hurt them in some way.

I  just don't quite know what is going on I guess when it comes to  physical, admittedly even looking back on all my relationships/dating  the women have always initiated physicality with me, hell, even when I  was 15 for my first kiss the girl literally wrapped her arms around me  and forcefully made-out with me (Maybe some initiation trauma on my end  there with that happening) but once it becomes known that it is  acceptable I have no issue at all initiating and taking healthy  aggressional steps of intimate escalation.

I  try to get to know these women as the individuals that they are, ask  about their passions, careers, what they think about x,y,z, what they  want out of a relationship ect, normal rapport things, they always seem  to go well, laughing, smiling, eye contact, interestingly fun and  engaging conversations, but there doesn't seem to be that ""romantic  feeling"" for them, I am starting to question if that is me not  exhibiting any physical interest with them at all. From my past  recollections, when anything has moved forward in that regard I have at  least been flirty or semi physically inclined when this hasn't been an  issue then, but the times I has, it gets the disinterest retort.

One  of the girls in my class I have become good friends with and who I  honestly deem very attractive (She is getting married) gave me some very  good honest feedback, she said I am ambitious, have a very good career  path and potential, am very attractive, smart, caring, compassionate  ect, but have very glaring self-esteem hangups that I am not actualizing  myself properly in her words and even to quote her, ""You could have any  woman you wanted and you deserve to be with that person too."" Yet, I  keep getting the, ""Not feeling it"" response.

I  also think another issue is I seem to attract women with avoidant  attachment style VERY frequently and even as hard as I try, they  gravitate toward me like a magnet.

I  am putting this all out there because I want to honestly meet someone  that I can and will be happy with, but I am unsure if there is something  inherently off with me or it really is just them? I am trying to put  myself-out there, be positive, myself, engaging, fun ect, but it keeps  falling flat.

I would really like  some feedback on this or if anything possibly answer some questions if  that would help on more perspective. I don't want to be jaded and  cynical about this process or my future prospects at being with someone  successfully, but something has to give here and I don't know what to  summarize from these experiences.

Thank you for bearing with this.

TL:DR  - Multiple dates, nothing really coming from them, not sure if they are  my fault for not engaging properly or if it is on their end and nothing  could be done anyway to change the outcome."|LordovHavok|False|https://redd.it/ekwwar|1|1.0|0|8|1|relationships
ekwqkd|2020-01-06 16:55:05|What to do after a 9 year relationship|"I (M-22) was in a relationship with someone (F-22) since middle school. We spent all those years together and it finally came to an end a few days ago. She has a lot of growing up to do, and some other issues to work out - and said she couldn't love me if she couldn't even love herself. Part of me knew this was coming but it still hit me like a freight train. I haven't been able to sleep, eat (I've even lost six pounds...hooray?), or function. I've lost everything in the process (let her keep the apartment and most furniture because she should have nowhere to go and I couldn't stand the thought of where she would end up). How do I even begin to start moving on? What if she comes back one day?  Should I consider therapy? I just don't know what to do. I'm lost and can't seem to find my way anymore. 

TL;DR - Broke up after nine years. Unsure how to go about moving on."|Gam38|False|https://redd.it/ekwqkd|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ekwe71|2020-01-06 16:30:28|I (22F) am running out of patience with my bf (22M)|"Idk what to do and also this is my first time posting- so im sorry for any errors.

So with the new year I (22F) vowed to my bf (22M) that I would move on from the past and not bring fights of the past up again and although we have been away from each other because school isn't in session I asked him for text consistency in return.

He usually never replies unless I double text. So it gets annoying. We go to college together and we stay there together. But for the last month its been annoying.

He knows how hard it is for me to move on from the past especially since he hates confrontation and usually avoids talking. So with my news years resolution I thought that it was a good way to move on and brimg peace. But I asked him for text consistency- one text once a day. 

I told him that I was at my last straw regarding these compromises. And that if i was giving him something I know that he wanted and then I dont think asking for communication was bad.

He disregarded it and hasn't even acknowledge my text or hasn't even tried to amend things. I texted him if we could please talk and I got nothing. I dont know how to be patient. Its been over 24 hrs.


TL;DR- I dont know if I should break up with my bf or just be patient with my bf because I feel loke i have compromised alot and he hasn't."|flowerpurple1p|False|https://redd.it/ekwe71|0|0.5|0|5|1|relationships
ekwclg|2020-01-06 16:27:02|Am I(F25) too critical of my fiancé(M28)?|"Hi all, just another “he’s really lazy and I can’t take it anymore” post (+ more!) I’m going to leave some things vague because he also Reddits.
  

Issue #1
  

My fiancé and I have been together 6+ years, engaged for 2 (getting married this year). We’ve lived together for 4 years now, and a huge point of contentment has always been his cleaning habits. I will admit, I’m pretty anal about having a clean apartment. Not to the point where everything needs to be put away all the time - I just like to enjoy the environment where I live. He is the opposite. When he lived alone, it was like a hoarder house (I might be being dramatic here), but it was disgusting. Stuff everywhere, never swept, cleaned the bathroom, vacuumed, etc. When I’d come over for a weekend I’d clean up the place just so I was more comfortable.  
  

His messiness has extended into our life together. In the beginning he WOULD NOT do anything unless explicitly asked. This boiled up into a fight, that was resolved by him organizing a weekly chore chart for us which is amazing! ....if he does the stuff on it. Most of the time he’ll do like 80% of the stuff that’s on the chart, while I do 100% of mine every week because that’s what’s on the chart for the week and I’m a completionist (don’t think that’s a word but it fits). This is upsetting to me - my chores take way longer than his and I ALWAYS do them, and he does **most** of his and calls it okay. Just vacuum the damn 2 bedroom apartment it takes 10 minutes tops!!!  
  

Here’s what bothers me the most: in a recent blowup (by me), he told me he doesn’t care at all about things being clean, and the only reason he does anything chore-wise is to keep me happy. And that’s just the way it is. Why can’t he be an adult and look around him, and just clean when things need to be cleaned? It’s so simple. I understand people have different ways of living, but I don’t get that mindset. I told him I was afraid of when we have kids together, will he need a fucking chart? Will I be doing it all on my own unless I explicitly ask? He told me it’ll be different, things will be different when kids come. I have a hard time believing that. I’m just tired of being stressed about it.   
  

_________  

Onto issue #2: lack of motivation to improve on himself, taking care of himself, etc.  
  

I’m always trying to improve on myself and mental health. There’s always something I’m trying to do, whether it’s getting together with friends and doing crafts, organizing parts of the house, making a point to improve my relationships with others, going to the gym, meditating, doing more freelancing, etc.  
   

He sits and plays video games. He took a sick day last week because he stayed up too late playing his latest game. Yesterday, he had big plans to get a haircut he’s been putting off for a month and then go to the hardware store and pick up wood for a big project. Looked at his building plans, and said it was “too ambitious” to do today. It was 1PM on a Sunday. We had no plans. So what did he do? Play games from 2PM to midnight while I went to the gym, did housework, worked on freelance stuff, etc. When he gets hooked on a game I feel like I live alone.  
  

He also doesn’t take care of himself. Doesn’t shower everyday. Sometimes needs a reminder to brush his teeth on the weekends (which is probably the grossest thing ever to me). Takes forever to go to the doctor (he’s been off of his ADHD meds for a while now and hasn’t made an appointment to get on them again - a thing we discussed him making an appointment for in the last blow up a month ago). Hasn’t had a dental cleaning in like 3 years (got an initial check up a year ago and never followed up for a cleaning). This is SO gross but every time I bring up his hygiene he gets VERY defensive. He also doesn’t have any ambitions, just goes to work and comes home. Never wants to do anything productive during the week because he just worked all day and then on the weekends it’s his relaxation/video game time. Has done a total of one thing for the wedding and that was after I asked him 3+ times to do it. Doesn’t try to improve relationships or better himself, which is sad to see. He’ll do a wordworking project a few times a year but it takes sooooo long to actually do it. I feel like we are moving at different paces and it upsets me when I leave to go to the gym or hang out with friends for 2 hours and he’s still sitting in the same spot, playing video games. I want us both to grow, but he is staying stagnant.  
  

Good things:
He makes me laugh, we have fun together, we almost never fight (until I let something build up inside of me). He is the nicest person I’ve ever met and is so SO nonjudgmental. He makes me less quick to judge others, which I am guilty of doing.  
  

All in all, am I being too critical? I am extremely critical of myself and I realize I may just be projecting onto him. I would love to be in the wrong here and improve my view, instead of ending a relationship we took so long to build. But I’m tired. I’m tired of his lack of movement, in the home and life in general. Thanks for reading if you made it all the way through. 
  

TLDR; Fiancé is messy and unmotivated, am I being too critical?"|my-throw-away-8452|False|https://redd.it/ekwclg|1|0.67|0|13|1|relationships
ekwc6u|2020-01-06 16:26:10|My (25F) male best friend (30M) has to stop talking to me because of his girlfriend (21F)|"So the title is pretty obvious. My male best friend, who I’ve known for almost four years, is being forced to stop talking to me because of his new girlfriend (well not really new but girlfriend) and she is now almost 3.5 months pregnant

I thought her and I where friends and I offered to do a lot for her, and have always been there for her. She got into an accident, I picked her up from the hospital and left work to go hang out with her and have been helping her with legal work. When she found out she was pregnant, I went to her appointment because he had to work and even offered to throw her a gender reveal and baby shower. Whenever they fight I’m always there for her. 

Recently, since her pregnancy she’s been really insecure about a lot and she’s been picking fights with him over stupid stuff. He told her that he doesn’t want to be with her anymore but would be there for the baby and continue to help her pay for her car. She didn’t accept the break up and said she would change but hasn’t, she’s probably gotten worse. 

Him and I where hanging out this weekend at his house and she freaked out about it. She saw on Snapchat we were together and called him yelling at him and then texted me saying I was a bad friend and it was unacceptable for me to be there when she wasn’t and I knew they were fighting (which I didn’t know until I got there and she wasn’t there). 

He’s really trying to make it work with her so he told me for now until things cool off we can’t talk. Which I completely understand (I didn’t talk to him for almost year to try and save my relationship, which failed). But it still hurts. I know I didn’t do anything wrong, I was simply hanging out with a friend and if she at any point said she was uncomfortable with us hanging out we wouldn’t have. 

Overall I know him and I will remain friends, but I still think it’s stupid she didn’t trust me after everything I’ve done for her in the short amount of time I’ve known her. She’s letting her insecurities get the best of her, and I get it, I completely do. I’ve had my own fair share of them in relationships but I thought we knew eachother better then that. 

Do any female best friends have this issue with their male friends? 
 
Edit: there is a whole lot more background to this dynamic that I’m not going to share because honestly it’s not my business to tell. This is what directly involved me and my friend. A lot of you are saying I’m wrong and crossing a line, but the thing is it was never an issue before and she never made it seem like it upset her, so out of nowhere was a little shocking. 

TL;DR: my male best friends girlfriend is making us stop talking for now because since she’s gotten pregnant she’s gotten very insecure. I understand it but I’m hurt."|ClassyHotMess|False|https://redd.it/ekwc6u|1|0.67|0|9|1|relationships
ekwaqc|2020-01-06 16:23:07|i am talking to my ex best friends ex.|"i (17M) hate to call her (17F) my EX best friend because we had been friends for so long. she caused a lot of hurt in my life which i can’t go into the full details because my last post got deleted. it’s very hard for me to talk about still but she made up very harsh rumors about me saying i had hurt her. she later admitted to me that she was looking for attention off her ex girlfriend. she made all my friends hate me. we don’t talk anymore i have her blocked on all social media BUT i have to see her in school every day. she’s in my class and all my friends started talking to me again after she admitted she lied. they all have apologized for not believing me. 

her ex girlfriend (18F) is now talking to me and we have had a thing for about 2 weeks now. i really like her and she likes me too. i would love to go out with her but i feel like it’s wrong.  just because i was there for my ex best friend when they were together and my family are against it, they think it’s wrong to do. they were together for over a year. they have been broken up almost 6 months. 

tldr: my ex best friend really hurt me. is it wrong to get with her ex?"|rockii02|False|https://redd.it/ekwaqc|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekw70g|2020-01-06 16:15:32|Communication issues with live-in boyfriend (28) and myself (26)|"Seeking advice here. 

Lately, I have been having a hard time communicating with my boyfriend. We have known each other for years and I can say with 100% certainty that he’s my best friend and the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. However, when we fight, the fights get really mean and it makes me feel really insecure about our relationship. 

I’ve been dealing with family stresses (mentally ill father) and the holidays seem to amplify everything. So, I’ve been reaching out to my boyfriend for more emotional intimacy. 

When I try to tell him how I’m feeling about needing a little bit more support, he gets really dismissive and says that I’m being dramatic, needy, etc. Just today, I apologized for being so “needy” and reiterated that I really miss him and need support. He doubled down and said that I am needy but it’s okay. I got my feelings hurt because I don’t really think it’s needy to ask your partner for extra support. And the conversation spiraled from there to him calling me dramatic, etc. 

I don’t really know what to do at this point. When we get into these fights I tell him that it hurts my feelings and makes me feel like I can’t talk to him about things. Instead of responding to my feelings, he usually just says that I’m being mean to him and that I’m “punishing him” for not wanting to open up about things. 

When I told him that he hurt my feelings by calling me “needy” he just told me that he isn’t going to lie to me. I find that a little offensive because I think there is a big difference between lying to your partner and being cruel for no apparent reason. 

I’m kinda stuck and really sad about the whole situation. I don’t want to feel like I have to beg someone to pay attention to me or give me support when I need it. I just miss my partner. 

TL;DR boyfriend and I have been getting into fights about emotional intimacy and I don’t know how to fix it or help him see my point of view."|number1Mustache|False|https://redd.it/ekw70g|1|0.6|0|3|1|relationships
eks8m2|2020-01-06 10:17:16|My (26f) bf (26m) of 1.5 years not even looking forward to living with me|"In my previous relationships I've moved in with people after a month and 6 months respectively, which I thought was a bit early in hindsight. Both times it was for practical reasons, so I told my bf when we started dating that this time I want it to be because it feels right. I mentioned to my bf recently that I'm actually starting to look forward to it ... and he isn't. He likes his space and doesn't want to move from his current place (which is too small for both of us).

If it matters, I'm his first serious girlfriend. But, I feel like if he really loved me he'd at least be looking forward to it even if he's not ready this minute. Am I rushing things or is he just not that into me?

TL;DR: after 1.5 years together I'm starting to feel like I want to live with my boyfriend. He doesn't want that and I'm hurt and questioning his feelings for me"|thriwiwii|False|https://redd.it/eks8m2|2|0.58|0|16|1|relationships
ekw60j|2020-01-06 16:13:21|I [24F] have been obsessing over my boyfriend's [25M] ex|"We have been together 2.5 years and recently moved in together. Everything is great between us.  He was with her for 6 months. She was his first GF and sexual partner. I met him while they were dating so I have met her. We were totally platonic at the time. He broke up with her because he said she was very controlling and jealous. She often left him in tears. He then told me a few weeks after they broke up he had started having feelings for me, so we got together. For the first year or so in the honeymoon phase, I didn't think about her at all. Recently though, pictures of her randomly started to pop up on my FB feed because she has started dating a guy I know at my previous company that I just left. This led me down the rabbit hole of stupidly looking at her social media. She is younger and hotter than me, and she is of a different ethnicity. I know I shouldn't be obsessing or jealous. My boyfriend told me he was miserable for most of the relationship. You'd think from his social media they were never together because he deleted every trace of her. I definitely don't think she's a threat, but now I can't stop thinking about when they were together. Did he find her sexier, is she more his type, thinking about him having sex with her etc. I know it's totally irrational and stupid. I don't know why after all this time it's only know I'm obsessing over it. Can someone talk some kind of sense into me please?? 

*TL;DR* 
I'm suddenly obsessed with my BFs ex after 2.5 years."|testytest915|False|https://redd.it/ekw60j|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekw549|2020-01-06 16:11:19|I (27f) have found myself in a weird situation that parallels something from my past. I think I may be getting played.|" I have had two separate relationship incidents in my life that both  
really threw me and they both have some really glaring parallels. I'm  
wondering if anyone else has ever encountered this scenario or if I'm  
just really unlucky and it's just a coincidence that they both look  
alike. Bear with me, this is probably going to be long.  


So, first incident, I meet a guy online, we hit it off immediately. He  
texts me the next day, saying he's surprised and concerned that I'm  
not ""blowing up his phone"" which seems a little fast for me, but  
whatever. I see him again, he tries to get really physical right away.  
We see each other at least a couple times a week for about a month,  
really seem to hit it off. He says a lot of things to me that really  
got to me, like how I seem to ""have these walls"" and he told me I was  
the coolest person he'd ever met. Well, I start getting pretty  
invested in this obviously, but I don't do anything weird like getting  
super clingy or saying I love him or anything like that. But I'm sure  
he can sense I'm into him. He also has this ex that he's still hung up  
on. She really tore him up by cheating on him in a very cruel way. I  
only mention this because I think it's relevant to the second story.  
So, then he suddenly has this flight that he needs to take out of  
town. He hadn't mentioned it before that week. He goes out of town,  
doesn't text me at all, which is weird because we had been texting a  
ton before. Comes back into town, curves me then ghosts me. I finally  
send a message to him just asking him to please tell me it's over so I  
can have closure. He then sends  me a reply saying he's sorry, but  
he's just going through some hard things and he just needs space for  
awhile. This whole situation ended up crashing and burning, but that's  
neither here nor there really.  


Second scenario, I meet this guy online, he tells me on the first  
meeting that he's in an open relationship; this was not mentioned in  
his profile, but I don't have a problem with it. He seems to really be  
into his girlfriend and wants to make things  work, but even from the  
way he's describing it, I'm getting the feeling it's doomed. I start  
hanging out with him, he's very invested at first, even trying to get  
me to see him more often than I'm interested in. Eventually, I'm  
starting to get interested, get a crush even. I know that he can sense  
this, but he seems really into it too. This is all over a fairly short  
period of time, less than two months. The last time we meet, he tells  
me that things with his girlfriend are not going well. In the next two  
weeks, he is unavailable, and then has this sudden  
trip out of town that he forgot to tell me about. I don't hear from  
him for over a week, then he suddenly texts me something really  
generic. I respond and he doesn't reply. Finally I ask him what's  
actually going on. He tells me that him and the girlfriend broke up,  
he's in the process of moving, and he  
just doesn't have it in him to be around anyone at the moment.  
He tells me he wants to see me again, but just needs some time to  
himself. And that's where I'm at with that one.  


The thing about it is there are just so many parallels that I can't  
ignore. There's the fact that both of them showed a lot of interest at  
first, and just as my interest was peaking, their's was waning,  
there's the mysterious trip out of town that I wasn't informed of til  
last minute. There's the (ex)girlfriend who shook them up. And there's  
the ghosting and then the text that they need to be left alone for an  
unknown amount of time. Maybe I'm just paranoid because the first  
relationship I described really wrecked me for awhile. But it also  
seems like this could be some kind of strategy to keep a girl on a  
string so the guy doesn't have to invest at all. But it also seems  
like an awful lot of effort for someone to put in for seemingly  
limited gains. Tell me what you  
think, and if I should give this guy the benefit of the doubt, or if  
I'm being taken for a ride.  


TL;DR I have had two separate relationships where a guy suddenly  
starts to pull out when I'm gaining interest. They both had nearly  
identical excuses and it's really concerning me that this is some kind  
of game that I'm not aware of.

Edit: Just to clarify, because I think I’ve left some important details out, I did sleep with both of these men multiple times. Also, I am not looking for a serious relationship from this guy or anyone at the moment. I’m dating multiple people and just having fun and he was completely aware of this fact."|hatethegamethrowaway|False|https://redd.it/ekw549|1|0.6|0|6|1|relationships
ekw3ln|2020-01-06 16:08:22|"My (33m) ex gf (27f) says ""she doesnt think shes has the feelings she thought she had"""|"Everything was amazing and this just blindsided me the day before xmas eve - which btw - she asked me to come to her parents house for. And ive met her parents before but i thought it was a big step to go there for xmas eve.

Weve only been together for 3 months but shes (was) my best friend and i dont think i can handle just a regular friendship. Especially because i dont wanna seem needy or have to NOT act on feelings. We ended up talking 4 days ago n hanging out just to get food because she was having a bad day. Nothing intimate. Just a good hug goodbye that i really needed. She shared food w me and besides the touching and my awkward mood from internally crying, it was good. Haha..but we havent spoke since

Is she just scared of something? Thats the only thing i can think of. But we used to talk about everything. I feel like she def wouldve told me if she had doubts.

She said shes been thinking about it for at least a week before breaking it off....so does that mean everything she said was a lie? And the way she acted was fake? Because i honestly am scared that i cant tell the difference between genuine and b.s anymore because a relationship is what i want and ive never met anyone that i can just be myself around and not care and talk, or not talk, and be fine with it.

Sorry about formatting and grammar. I wrote this on the go because im driving myself insane not having anyone to talk to.

Tl;dr 
Gf broke up because she may be scared?"|ChinChilledByPills|False|https://redd.it/ekw3ln|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekw2ns|2020-01-06 16:06:23|Feelings change over time?|"I’m 22M, she’s 21F

Met this girl in 2017 and we really hit it off, once in a lifetime kind of connection. We were falling in love but some BS happened and I broke it off and hurt her. Never thought I’d like her again and I was adamant

A year later we’re friends but I catch feels and she friendzones me hard. But a month later she falls in love with me and we start a r’ship

6 months in, she breaks up bc she doesn’t want a r’ship in general. Also, keeps thinking of the past between us and how I hurt her. Says it’ll never happen again and she doesn’t love me she can’t love me 

We stay friends, she falls in love w me AGAIN after some months and It’s perfect and super solid. 

4 months later (last week) she ends things bc she feels she can never get over how I hurt her 3 yrs ago, but does forgive me bc I’ve changed into a wonderful person who always treated her like a princess, except at the start

My feelings for her changed years ago. I used to think I’d never like her again and I wasn’t fond of her at ALL. But they did, and I fell hard for her. At the time, she didn’t feel the same and said she never will but she fell in love too. She broke up bc she lost those feelings and wanted to be alone in general and said it’ll never happen again. But she fell in love AGAIN. This time, feels like she ended things for good.  

I believe anything can happen in the future. Not holding onto hope but ik feelings and minds change over time, someone u thought u could never like u CAN end up liking. 

Not holding onto hope here I’m genuinely just curious. Am I wrong?

_______________


TL;DR

Fell in love 2017, soulmates. I was unstable and mean, broke her heart, never thought I’d like her again. Year later reconnected, ended up in love. 6 months in, she didn’t want a r’ship w anyone n broke up. Stayed friends, but she fell in love again months later. She ended things last week bc every time we got close she’s reminded of how I hurt her 3 yrs ago and doesn’t wna do that anymore. She feels as of now her mind won’t change, but feelings/minds do change over time (like both of ours did before). Not holding onto hope at all but I believe anything can happen in the future, am I wrong?"|throwaway78604_|False|https://redd.it/ekw2ns|1|0.67|0|4|1|relationships
ekrb02|2020-01-06 08:34:26|Why do I feel like this?|"When I was 14, I had my first boyfriend. His name was Noah. We were young but we were so attached to each other. We had broken up 3 times over the course of 3 years. Of course, those breakups weren't usually for good reason. We were young and thought that every fight we had was a break up (terrible, I know). But with that being said, I still loved him. Those little breakups never lasted too long. We had even tried to stay friends and date other people. We loved each other so much that it ended up ruining our relationships with other people because we were so attached to each other. To this day I still think about him every now and then. Anyways, our actual breakup wasn't a good one. He thinks I cheated on him because of what his friends had to say about me (they never liked me while we were dating). He believed them and told me that we can't be friends and that I was a stranger to him...that he never wanted to see again. It really broke my heart. I had never cheated on him and I tried to do everything I could do just to be with him. He was my first love that still sticks with me.  That was November 2018.

It wasn't until October 2019, that I finally got into another relationship. James treats me really well so far and I like him very much.  There was one day when we decided to go to the mall on a date...and there he was. He was standing in line with his girlfriend and I couldn't help but feel my heart hurt. I got so nervous that I told James to pay for the food while I waited at the table. I really didn't want to be near them. Seeing him made me miss him just a bit. It made me want to go up to him and hug him...ask him how he's been. Of course, I couldn't. 

I was looking through an old phone of mine that I wanted to sell. Saving pictures or contacts that I wanted to keep before I factory erased the phone. There were old texts and screenshots still on the phone. I read all of them. My heart hurts so much and I really just want to talk to him. I thought I had moved on seeing as how it's been almost a full year without having any contact with him. I've been happy with James and he has done everything right...treats me well, listens well...I feel terrible about still missing Noah while I'm with someone else. Why do I feel like this? Is it wrong for me to miss Noah a little? 

\*\*TL;DR;\*\* I've dated this guy for 3 years and I haven't had any contact with him in a year after we broke up. I'm with someone new but seeing him in person after so long reminded me of the memories we had together. Why do I still miss him when I thought I have moved on?"|himynameis0sam|False|https://redd.it/ekrb02|5|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekw09q|2020-01-06 16:01:27|I [28F] am having trouble supporting my boyfriend’s [33M] new career path.|"I have been dating my boyfriend for a little over a year and a half. Currently we see each other just on the weekends as he works 3rd shift as a trucker driver, and is gone over 1/2 the week for work. In the last year he has expressed wanting to move on from truck driving. He hates working 3rd shift, hates being on the road, and has back problems that are exemplified from sitting for long periods. I totally understand why he wants a career change 100%, that I am not denying, and I have been totally onboard for it. 

A few months back he applied to the IBEW, something he really had been wanting to get into, but unfortunately was not accepted into their union. He then went for his hoisting license, and got 1 of the 2 licenses. He had plans to study and eventually go back to get the other license, but now has no interest. 

About 2 months ago a whole new obsession has emerged out of no where, marijuana. I’m not uppity about marijuana. I used to be a bit of a stoner, and now I smoke from time to time, but he has began revolving his life around it. He started growing plants (they’re thriving actually, which is cool, and we do live in a state where it is legal) which he bought literal hundreds if not upwards of a couple thousands of materials to grow them (huge grow tent, special lights, fans, humidifiers,etc..). He now makes this the pinnacle of basically all his conversations with people. It makes me a little uneasy because I don’t know how everyone he talks to feels about it, and he will go on forever about it which also gets kind of boring and annoying to people. I’ve gotten to the point where if I hear him start talking about it I just kind of let him ramble and basically block it out. I know this sounds mean, but I just don’t understand where this obsession has come from.

The kicker is right now he can’t even smoke. He hasn’t smoked in years, and he’s kind of acting like one of those kids who thinks being a pothead is the best and only way to be. He’s been applying to jobs all over. Today he interviewed for a-wait for it-driving position! It’s basically what he’s doing now except during the day, and he’ll be making $50,000 LESS than what he is making now. He also said there is a little room for growth, but quite honestly there won’t be much moving up at all. 

It isn’t all about the money, and I feel selfish thinking about it, but we’ve been talking about buying a house and moving in together, and now I feel like that’s going to be on the back burner for a while if he gets a job in this field. I want to support him, but I feel so stuck. I want to tell him how I don’t think this is the best career path, but don’t want to break his heart about it either. I’m secretly hoping it falls through, and that he starts looking at different options. I’m just very confused, and looking at advice for how to deal with this situation!

TLDR: My boyfriend is looking at starting a new career path that I’m not sure is going to work out for him in the long run. How can I approach the subject without being insensitive and squashing his excitement?"|abbydoobie1221|False|https://redd.it/ekw09q|1|0.67|0|3|1|relationships
ektd82|2020-01-06 12:13:59|Help me (17 F) sending a love message to the girl (17 F) I like! We've been friends since we're 5 years old.|"I (17 F)  like a girl (17 F) that goes to the same high school I go to, located in a really small town. The thing is I wanted to give her an anonymous message containing a haiku. The problem is that she probably would guess it's me because there aren't many people in my school who like poetry and know how to write it. I also have no idea of how to give it to her without anyone noticing it...

My only friend (17 M) who knows about this told me to send it via mail (physical mail) or email, but I honestly think she'd get scared. What should I do? Should I send her a note but get rid of the poem so she doesn't notice it's me? Or should I do something else?

Tl;dr Please help me come up with a plan to give the girl I like an anonymous message!"|pinkyyoshii|False|https://redd.it/ektd82|2|0.67|0|8|1|relationships
eknjol|2020-01-06 02:45:00|(17f) don't know how to break things off with mentally ill and toxic friend (17f)|"I've been friends with this girl P since ninth grade, she has depression and has always obsessively latched onto people and/or hobbies (hentai and gaming) to give her some meaning in life. She's been on/off going to therapy and taking meds but her parents aren't the best with keeping it up, so she's constantly talking to us about her plans for suicide and her attempts and generally making everyone uncomfortable - when somebody tries to talk her out of it, she brushes them off and tells them they don't understand because they're not depressed. My other mentally ill friends are trying their best to recover, but whenever P starts talking about her depression she drags them in and goes ""You understand, right??"", often sending them into relapses, and she has roped me into a 'suicide pact' that I honestly can't tell if she's being serious about.

Because P obsessively watches hentai, she's also really into NSFW stuff that, as minors, none of us want to hear about or talk about with her, and we have told her multiple times that she makes us uncomfortable when she talks about it. Usually she thinks we're joking, or stops but then starts again ten minutes later. She also ropes us into her sexual fantasies - she had a crush on one of our friends and harassed her for over two years, following her around and saying things like ""Please step on me"" - despite being rejected and told to stop (MANY times), P continued to do so until she got a new crush and harassed her online until her messages were all ignored, at which point she complained to us that she would never find a girlfriend. Which is probably true, because her taste in women is completely based on whether they look and act like anime girls, and she is constantly objectifying women (fictional and non-fictional) and talking as if they are just objects for her pleasure (whether that be sexual or emotional).

Throughout high school we've been trying to convince P to get the help she needs, but it's difficult when her parents aren't the best - since she's a minor, everything is under their jurisdiction. There was a period of time when she was going to therapy and doing a lot better, but she's gotten worse again, and ever since I came out as gay to my friends she's assumed that I'm automatically into the same things she's into and spamming me with messed-up hentai. When I tell her to stop because I don't want to see it and express that it makes me uncomfortable, she just goes ""Meh, you know there's way worse out there, right?"" and does it again later.

When anybody tries to criticise any aspect of her character, P blames it on her depression and says she can't change it.  Even teachers at our school have given up on getting through to her because she absolutely refuses to acknowledge her problems. Nobody has tried to cut her off despite all the negative energy she brings everywhere because she's made it clear that talking to us is one of the only things keeping her alive, and we're scared to have that on our shoulders. Honestly, I've just been tolerating it because we're in our final year of high school now and I won't need to maintain contact with her once we go into uni. But recently, she asked me what major I intend to go into, I told her because I thought she'd already made her mind up, and I guess not because she thought mine was cool and decided to try and apply. I'm terrified that since we're the only two of our friend group considering this course, all the BS she does will be heaped onto me because she has no respect for boundaries. I'm already one of the ones who tolerates her behaviour the most, and she's looked up to me since ninth grade because of the stupid cool and aloof persona I put on, so I'm worried she might do something drastic if I try and cut her off.

TL;DR my friend P has depression and constantly makes everyone around her uncomfortable by talking about suicide and  TMI about NSFW topics (we're minors), and any time we express concerns about her behaviour she blames it on her depression and says she can't change. I want to cut her off because I really can't deal with this anymore but I'm worried she'll do something we'll both regret.

Any advice?"|svx0409|False|https://redd.it/eknjol|9|0.77|0|6|1|relationships
ekvru0|2020-01-06 15:44:01|Should I be worried about her guyfriend or am I overthinking|"TL; Dr: Girlfriend has close guyfriend that messages her constantly and “emotionally bonds”. Should I be worried? 

I’ll make this as short as possible. I’ve (22m) been dating my girl (22f) for 3 months, and everything was perfect up until 2 weeks ago. For context, I’m her first real boyfriend and first everything, so she’s pretty innocent. 

2 weeks ago, we were lying in bed, and she was showing me pics on her phone, when I happened to notice a recent one of her and a guy. I didn’t say anything for a while but when I asked, she told me her straight friend Zack ( who is recently single) came over to her moms house and brought her a Christmas gift. She also said that “we help each other deal with a lot emotionally”. 

I told her that it bothered me. (My view is that generally speaking, if a guy and a girl are friends long enough, and the girl is attractive, eventually he’s gonna try something). It especially bothered me that she didn’t tell me, like she tells me about all her other friends.Purposely, I didn’t tell her what to do bc I didn’t want to be controlling. She replied that I had nothing to worry about, and volunteered that she’d talk to him less. 

I thought everything was good up until last night. The guy tried FaceTimeing her when we were lying in bed. I left her house  a few mins later without kissing her, as I was annoyed. They obviously still talk and I don’t feel like she listened to me. She called me crying wanting to know why I was upset, and I was really short with her. 

Do I have a point or am I being an asshole over nothing?"|angrygenzer|False|https://redd.it/ekvru0|1|0.6|0|21|1|relationships
ekvrg9|2020-01-06 15:43:08|This guy I was talking to, ghosted me to talk to my best friend?????|"TL;DR: This guys I was talking to for quite a few months stopped talking to me and is now talking to my best friend. How do I get over him? :(

So this is very complicated but basically my friend used to talk to a guy a year ago but she blocked him because she got into a relationship with someone else who happened to be his friend. Anyways fast forward a few months later, she posted birthday snaps on her story and the same guy added my snap and popped up to me and we talked for around 10 months on and off. He would always make flirty comments, talking about marriage and stuff like that and I never responded back because I was scared I was just getting played and it was all bs but I did form some sort of attachment to him even though I tried not to.

So anyway my friend went to uni and the group of friends she has now are very close with this guy (it's a small world) and he always calls them and stuff and shes always chilling with them so she talks to him too. Recently, they met at an event (the first time they've actually seen each other irl) and since then he completely ghosted me and I know he's talking to my friend. If it was any other guy I wouldn't care, but I've talked to him for 10 months so it really hurts. I put away my pride and I messaged him and I said please just call me once and then you can continue airing because, in my head, I thought maybe this is the end and I needed some sort of closure. He called me right then and I said not right now because I'm busy but I'll call you later this week so please pick up and he agreed and guess what. He never picked up. Can someone please make sense of the whole situation and how I can forget about him because it just hurts to lose someone just like that and I'm struggling to focus on my studies because I'm constantly wondering where I went wrong and keep telling myself I'm not good enough:(. It's like was he just faking it all these months?"|soroii|False|https://redd.it/ekvrg9|1|0.67|0|0|1|relationships
eklmsn|2020-01-06 00:18:20|Husband on gaming headset all the time|"I don't know if this is selfish but here goes.

Me (f29) and husband (m32) have always really been into gaming. We'd sit in the same room on different consoles, music on. Sometimes we'd chat, sing along together, tell each other about what we were doing in the game. Sometimes we'd play different games, sometimes we'd play the same game together.

He got into a new game. I tried it, hated it. Anyway. He then got himself a headset for it and now everything has changed. It's like he's in one world, chatting away to his new mates and I'm sat by myself. I try and talk to him if i have something to say, just as you normally would in a way that you talk to people you're sat in the same room with. He either doesn't hear me or I'm interrupting his conversation. He's offered to unplug the headset so I can hear. I've made it crystal clear I'm not insecure about what might be being said, it's the exclusion that I hate. He has absolutely no awareness of my presence for hours at a time. I don't want to tell him to stop because that's controlling. I'm not even sure if I'm looking for advice.

Tdlr: feel like I've lost my husband to a headset. Am I being selfish?"|silentcat88|False|https://redd.it/eklmsn|20|0.93|0|11|1|relationships
ekvlt5|2020-01-06 15:31:09|My bf(30M) dumped me(26F) days before xmas...chaos has ensued ever since.|"
Throwaway bc last time I posted on a sub on my personal account I was shamed over my comment history, etc. 



I apologize for formatting bc I’m on my mobile. This is going to be an annoyingly long post. 



As stated in the title, my now ex bf broke up with me on Dec. 22 at 11 pm via text while at his guy friends house. He said he couldn’t do it anymore, that he moved on from me to his ex too quickly and needed to “find himself.” Valid reasons for a break up I guess. However, him and his ex broke up in December after having 9 month long break ups multiple times throughout the course of their “3.5” year long relationship. They seemed to have loathed each other. Ex and I got together on Valentine’s Day last year, and were best friends for 3 years before that. It should be noted we are(were) also coworkers. 




About a month ago, my then bf got a promotion to finance manager. Everyone knew we were dating, he was a salesman and I was a receptionist. However, now that he had a management title, it was time for me to start looking for jobs elsewhere. Before I landed a new job; HR, as well as all of sales management approved of our relationship. I decided to still keep looking for other jobs because he assured me once we worked separately he would no longer have to keep our relationship so “low key” and would be able to “show me off.” That said, he wasn’t hiding me. I knew his entire family and we double dated with friends often. I was invited to his family’s home for Thanksgiving and Christmas but politely declined as I had my own family to see. 





He went away to another store location for finance training and came back very distant. It should be noted he worked there during the day but still came home at night, so, no, he wasn’t cheating on me. That said, we went from having sex 5 times a week to once if I was lucky. He kept saying he “needed space” even though he had been working at a different store than me. I kept looking for jobs. 





Flash forward to having a great night Dec. 21st until we both had a few too many drinks and started having sex. It started out great, but once he finished, he refused to finish me off. I was very saddened by this considering we hadn’t been having sex very much and I missed him from being away at work. We also used to have PHENOMENAL sex, and it was just so ... different. I also didn’t understand why he didn’t want to satisfy my needs after I satisfied his and just surprised him by having him come home to a completely clean home - closet was immaculately color coordinated and organized. I got drunk and pissed and I guess said mean things I don’t remember. This is what he tells me, I don’t know what I said or if it was even true or not. 





Fast forward to the break up text the next night. At first, I begged for him to reconsider. Then I accepted it and told him I would be gathering my belongings in the morning before he had Christmas shopping to do and then early football games to watch. He agreed. I showed up at 9am, realized he was still drunk and sleeping, and called him 20 times to wake him up as I know he sleeps lightly and his phone is always on high ringer, never vibrate. 






Finally, he texts me saying I was “scaring him” and that my things were outside on the porch. My belongings were in a giant garbage bag and it was only a small portion of what I owned. It should be noted though I did not officially live there, I spent 6-7 nights a week there. All of my belongings were in his house. I kept calling because I had boxes to pack the rest of my stuff, and just wanted to collect my things. He screamed from the staircase for me to go away. Finally I knocked and because he didn’t want tenants downstairs to hear, he opened the door. When he opened the door, instead of letting me in to pack the rest of my stuff, he shoved me out of the door and had 911 dialed on his phone saying I am crazy and scaring him. I said nothing threatening or erratic or even asked for him back. 





Eventually, I convince him I don’t have all of my things, have empty boxes I would like to pack, and would be on my way. He lets me in to pack. He apologizes for acting irrational. Says he got too drunk last night and “as I know he’s a cunt in the morning.” Says he didn’t remember agreeing to me coming over to pack my stuff. As I’m leaving I ask for an in person break up and all he says is he needs to be alone. I leave, broken hearted. 





I left his house, then later that night after stopping at a friends to cry and explain what just happened - a car pulls out of a pub and smashes into me. I have another major panic attack. My car was not totaled but this was my first, very bad car accident. I called my ex for help and he said he was drunk and at his guy friends but would call me an Uber if I wanted. I hung up and had that friend I visited pick me up. 





The following week at work was the worst of my life. I have a very bad panic disorder, and kept getting the runs and throwing up. I couldn’t see him at work. He wished me a merry Christmas and tried to apologize but very vaguely. No reasoning, just “sorry I hurt you” type of messages. I was also infuriated he had about 300$ worth of Christmas gifts from me delivered to his house ahead of time and got away with getting me absolutely nothing, with no remorse. 






On Dec. 28th, I stayed in Brooklyn with friends until the 31st. I planned to go back to work on the 30th but panic quit at 4pm that Sunday because I couldn’t face reality or be able to function at work with my debilitating depression and anxiety attacks I was having. Plus, he kept saying he couldn’t live with me or work with me. Part of me wanted to stay at work, look dolled up every day and make him want me back;  but the other part of me convinced me that disappearing from his life would be best for my mental health, as well as some sort of punishment for him. 






Although I agree I needed to leave my job, I wish I didn’t let my anxiety get the best of me. I am now jobless. 400$ to my name and no future paycheck. I have to move back home with my mom today... I’ve been staying at a different friends since I got back from the city. I wake up at 5 am sobbing and with heart palpitations every morning realizing I am not in his bed. I am ashamed to say it, but Xanax and weed are the only things helping me cope right now. My mom wants to put me in inpatient for a week, not to get clean (I only medicate when crazy shit like this happens) but for serious therapy. I am worried about this because although therapy sounds appealing as I am lacking health insurance .. I’ve applied to over 100 jobs so far and it could interfere with me obtaining one. 





I don’t know what kind of advice I’m looking for. How to cope with heart break/ a financial deficit / a car accident/ moving into my moms dark basement / depression / anxiety disorder / and possible BPD?




I truly love him and respect him wanting to break up. Just wish I had closure. We almost made it to a year..he was my best friend, my lover, my roommate, and my partner. I am very sad and very lost. 




TLDR;  bf dumped me randomly right before xmas. didn’t act like himself at all and shoved me when I tried to pack my things. I then wrecked my car. We were coworkers so I quit my job bc seeing him was giving me panic attacks. I have no money and can’t stop crying or find the willpower to function as a human and its been two weeks now."|throwRAfmlhonestly|False|https://redd.it/ekvlt5|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ekrrjj|2020-01-06 09:25:11|Should I confront my father on how he met his new wife?|"For context: My parents (M75, F60) married about thirty years ago, and had me (F25) and my brother (M27). They separated when I was about 12, and finally divorced when I was 18. A few years later, dad introduced his girlfriend (F70 now) to us, and last year, they got married. 

I never quite knew why my parents got married in the first place. They have very different personalities and few interests in common, but I never saw them yell or fight. They barely seemed to talk, just silently and peacefully coexisted in a pretty traditional home. All and all, not a bad childhood.

Then when I was about 11, my father sank into a depressive episode. He started working longer hours, staying away from home until the late evening, and when he was home he’d just sit in front of the TV with a beer, waiting for the day to end. If you tried to talk to him, he’d just grunt, or suddenly explode with anger. My mother dealt with this by moving out and getting her own apartment, leaving me and my brother with dad. My brother moved out at 16, then I moved out at 16. At this point, we had four separate households, which seems a bit excessive, so dad moved in with mum, and made a final go at the marriage. Cue actual divorce about 18 months later.

My father actually asked me whether I thought it would be okay for him to leave mum, when I was 18 and home for the weekend at their place. He said he didn’t want to do anything that would hurt my brother and me. I said it was okay, and I stand by it. He was miserable, he was making my mother miserable, and the marriage was only waiting for someone to call time of death. 

This sent my mother spiralling into a depression, but that’s a whole other sub-reddit. My father, however, blossomed in a way you wouldn’t expect of a 65-year old man. He became like his old self, cheerful, kind, calm, funny, it was wonderful to see. He stayed this way after getting together with his new girlfriend (now wife), so I could only assume she contributed to this. 

It is fair, and I think relevant, to say that my father’s wife is not very similar to him either, personality-wise. She also has a mean streak in her, and she is quite manipulative, which isn’t great in the long run, but also, my father is 75 years old. Not to be morbid, but there’s a strong possibility he’ll live out his days without these personality clashes becoming a problem, and as long as he is happy, I am happy.

I said something to that effect at their wedding last year (taking out some of the adjectives, and adding some platitudes). The issue I need Reddit’s help with is something I discovered at the wedding reception. My dad’s wife had made a guest book which was passed around to sign, and on the first few pages she had written her own introduction about their relationship. On a page entitled “How we met!”, she’d put the date of their first meeting as 2002. I was eight that year.

I didn’t look through the book for more incriminating dates (I was drunk and shocked and in charge of canapès), but I’ve been mulling it over ever since. I know my father has a history of infidelity, after some wine-fuelled late-night chat with my depressed mother. But if he and his current wife started a relationship around 2002, that puts my whole childhood in a very different perspective.

I had always assumed my dad got depressed independently (mid-life crisis, impending death and doom, built-in personality feature etc.), and then met his new wife sometime during this, and she helped him out of it, or something like that. I don’t mind thinking my dad cheated at the end of his marriage to my mum. But what if they started seeing each other when I was eight? When my family still felt quite normal and happy? Did dad’s new wife turn him miserable, nagging him to leave us? My parents probably wouldn’t have stayed together anyway, but maybe we wouldn’t have had the awful, deep trench of depression that tainted my childhood and teens. 

And I’m wondering if I need to know. This knowledge has been rotting inside me since I read that book, and I wonder if I will have any peace if I don’t ask my dad and his wife about it. They would hate me asking, and in different ways: my dad would grow silent and hurt, suspecting I disapprove of their marriage; his wife would be angry, defensive, maybe even turn my father against me. My father and I are old pros at “Let’s swallow all this unpleasant stuff and hope it never comes up again”, so that is also a viable option. If they are happy together, and nothing could come of my asking, aside from digging in a can of worms for my own personal satisfaction, then maybe I should put my energy into getting over it instead.

Should I leave it, accept that I’ll never know, and let my father’s relationships alone?

Or should I confront them for my peace of mind, with the risk that entails?

TL;DR: I found out my dad met his new wife in the middle of his marriage to my mum. Should I ask him when and how they started seeing each other, or let it lie?"|HelmutMelmoth|False|https://redd.it/ekrrjj|3|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
eksrgg|2020-01-06 11:12:58|Different goals - I want to travel long term, she wants a house. Can the relationship still work?|"TL;DR:
26(M) & 25(F). Together for 7 years. I want to travel, she doesn’t. Am I selfish for being willing to travel solo and have a long distance relationship?

In 2013, we went travelling to Australia. The trip was supposed to be 12 months long minimum. We had a working visa granting us permission to work for 12 months. After 3 months, she decided she wasn’t enjoying it and wanted to return home to the UK. 

I returned home with her. As we were staying with her family in Australia, I didn’t feel comfortable staying with her family whilst she went to the UK. 

4 years later, after saving a lot of money, we went travelling again in Australia and Asia. The trip was supposed to last approximately 8 months. There was no possibility to work in Australia as we had already used our working visas previously. This time, after 3.5 months, she wanted to return home again. Once more, I returned home with her. 

Fast forward another 2 years. After being together for 7 years, thoughts have naturally turned to purchasing a house, kids etc. However, I still feel like I have unfinished business with travelling. Moving away from my home town, having an adventure, meeting new people and experiencing new places has been my dream since being a teenager. 

Before I have kids and buy a house, I feel like I need to get the long term travelling bug out of my system. I want to travel until I am ready to return home on my terms. 

She has no wish to travel long term, her goals are saving for a property and marriage. This is what I want in the future, just not before travelling. 

I am willing to travel solo and have a long distance relationship for the duration of travelling. I haven’t discussed it with her yet, but I already know this will be met with negativity. 

Before I sit down with her and talk it through, I want some opinions on whether I’m being selfish or not. 

Thanks"|YellowOwl17|False|https://redd.it/eksrgg|2|0.75|0|6|1|relationships
ekg3hl|2020-01-05 17:35:24|My friend (27F) ditched me (27F) for her rebound following some blunt honesty. Was I too honest? Should I try to fix things?|"My best friend (27F) and I (27F) were very close. We competed for our local sports club together, went out together, I went to her family for dinner weekly etc.

After a few years of being single she started dating following my encouragement. She started seeing someone (23M) in the Forces and was seeing him a lot and talking about moving 3 hours away for him if he asked. He dumped her when she pushed for a relationship. 

Following this when she was very upset she came to me for support. Within a week she was seeing someone (28M) new. Also in the Forces and based at the same site as the previous lad. 

She was house sitting for a friend and the new friend moved in after a week. He was doing her washing and was around 24/7. She was his first relationship after his fiancé of eight years broke things off.

During this time I barely saw her but we spoke via text and she seemed very happy. However, I voiced my concerns that it was all very quick and I didn’t want her to get hurt again. I encouraged her to maintain some distance. Communications between us slowly tailed off after she cancelled plans with my and I bumped into her out with another friend (21F).

Three months ago she told me she had things going on that she wasn’t able to talk to me about but may in the future. Since then I’ve made multiple attempts to talk/meet up but she’s too “busy”. However, she has told mutual friends that I have been a dick and has time for friends that didn’t criticise the relationship. 

Four months later she is still with the lad but is no longer talking to me at all and no longer attending our sports club.

The last response to me asking to meet up was that she was busy for a few weeks and I should ask again after that. This inspired a rather petty response from myself and we haven’t spoken since. 

Was I wrong for telling her to slow things down and not being entirely supportive of the new relationship? 

Should I bother to try and continue to patch things up?

TL;DR
I (27F) wasn’t entirely supportive of my friend’s (27F) relationship which appeared to be a rebound. Four months later they are still together. She’s no longer talking to me with no real explanation but has told people I have been a dick."|paulatim-solem-sine|False|https://redd.it/ekg3hl|53|0.9|0|14|1|relationships
ekl69t|2020-01-05 23:44:32|I [20F] am starting to feel like a third wheel in my own friend group.|"Some context: I have this friend who I met back in elementary school [20F]. We were close best friends for about 3 years. Lets call her D. After the 6th grade, D and I went to different schools, we kept in contact for a few months and then lost contact with each other irl. We would talk time to time on fb, then some personal stuff happened and I had to delete it (8th grade). I didn’t get any social media again until the 11th grade and we got back in contact, always talked about meeting up again but never happened. In college 2nd year, D contacted me and asked if I needed help moving (I had talked about moving to student housing) and if I wanted to catch up. I agreed. We still have friendship chemistry and have been in touch ever since!

My other friend, let’s call her N [20F]. We met in either 10th or 11th grade. I didn’t have a solid best friend since I met D back in elementary school. After experiencing a lot of bullying and flaky friends between grade 7-8, it was refreshing to meet someone again who I connected with as a friend. 

Fast forward to today, I would hang out with both D and N individually. I would talk to one about the other in a positive light. I suggested them meeting earlier in 2019 and they agreed. They really hit it off which was refreshing for me as we could all hang out together and it was fun.  Things changed when I got together with both of them on New Year’s Eve and things went really well. We made a group chat and agreed to make plans for all of us. Lately though I feel like they’ve left me out of plans and in general. Today N sent photos to our group chat. I commented on it and she said “oops I meant to send it to D”. I felt a bit hurt as it wasn’t too personal and I’m confused as to why I was left out. I also saw on N’s Snapchat that she was at D’s house. No one mentioned anything to me. They both asked if I was free today and i said i probably would be. I also haven’t received any texts individually from them even tho D and I would usually message on a regular basis. I’m feeling a bit left out and I don’t know how to address it? I am going through a downfall in my romantic relationship and it hurts that my 2 closest friends aren’t including me. 

TL;DR: I, the OP[20F] introduced 2 of my close friends to each other[20F], they hit it off and now I feel like the 3rd person left out and don’t know how to address it."|snowtunnels|False|https://redd.it/ekl69t|18|0.8|0|6|1|relationships
ekv11y|2020-01-06 14:45:35|Does it sound like my BF is lying about his ex?|"He’s a 33/m. I’m a 27/f. She’s a 33/f. They dated for a year. She’s his perfect match but she moved to LA and started to date someone else. 

My partner had her on his list of exes he’s fucked and had nudes of her saved along with his other exes. He said these pics were presents women gave him over the years and they lost their power over them when they gave him the pictures as a gift. 

He only likes the pics on her Instagram of just her. He doesn’t like any others girls pics ever. He only likes her pics. It hurts my feelings every time I see he likes her pics. He doesn’t even like my pics half the time. He’s friends with her friends and only likes the pics of her friends that include her in it. 

My partner on the other hand is a perfect match to this girl and is super into film like she is and only likes the pics of just her showing. He also follows her friends and only likes her friends pics that have her in it. 

I asked him if he would still date her and he said: “No that was a quick thing. They came up fast and burnt out fast as well don’t think there was any staying power with it just both lonely and became single at same time guess it was like 2 years ago. We didn’t really get too far into having a relationship before she moved and even when I visited her in her new city it was kind of weird between us so we agreed to be friends and we don’t talk often at all anymore” 

Does he sound like he’s lying? It’s just weird he always likes her pics of just her and the pics her friends take ONLY when she is in the pic

We’ve dated a year. Should I leave him? I dunno how to bring up all the Instagram likes without sounding insane (because I am)

**TLDR: bf likes his exes pics and blows off the notion of he still being into her**"|moooooorish|False|https://redd.it/ekv11y|1|1.0|0|24|1|relationships
eksl9o|2020-01-06 10:55:18|She (F,22) is mad in love with me (M,23), I feel completely different|"I have had 2 relationships so far. In the first one, I got cheated on, in the second one I was told that I was not important enough. Especially the second one really crushed me back then, it took me a while to smile again.

Now some time did pass and I happen to dive into the dating pool again. There has been this girl in my friend group at university that I had been seeing daily for years, but I felt nothing I suppose. I kinda remember thinking that she was pretty beautiful but that was it. I did not think that she would be interested so I never bothered.

3 weeks ago it became kinda obvious that she was, in fact, REALLY into me. So we began to see each other more and more. She would always look at me in a different way, she would make me feel special. Since I thought that she was beautiful and also that she was pretty nice and pretty cool herself, I thought to myself...why not? I did feel kinda lonely and I thought that I should date again. My friends supported this idea, especially with her. Everyone thought that she was perfect and that I should do it.

4 days ago we had our first official date. It went really good I believe. When I accompanied her back to her house, my heart was beating really fast, almost in an arrhythmic fashion...I was really nervous. Something told me that this was my chance to make my move and if I didn't, I would regret it forever. So I kissed her and she had this smile on her face that I had never seen in my life before. This was the definition of pure happiness. We met again yesterday and she was again the happiest girl in the world. No matter what I said or did during our dates, she loved it. She just did not care. It seemed like I was the most important thing in her life at that moment. She also told me yesterday that I had always been her crush.

And now to me: what I feel is completely different. It is not ""nothing"" per se. It's a mix of fear, despair, uncertainty and the urge to just...escape. Don't get me wrong, I still think that she is REALLY beautiful. I also still think that characterwise she is gold. There are not many girls in the world left that are as pure as her. She listens, she cares. She supports me. She is cool, she is smart, she is nice. She is just a loving person. Most importantly, she is a girl that I could really imagine to introduce to my other friends, she would really fit in perfectly.

She said yesterday that she would like to tell our friends about us tomorrow at university and she was really excited about it. This would be her first relationship ever in her life. I, on the other hand, have had some (bad) experiences. I just thought to myself ""Oh my god"". I just feel forced, I can't explain it. I really wanted to date her, but after that kiss...it just changed. It became really dark suddenly.

TL;DR the girl I am dating is madly in love with me, she has become the happiest I have ever seen her. From an objective view, she is just perfect. However, I feel very conflicted. I feel sick, forced, scared."|OneAndOnlyZerox|False|https://redd.it/eksl9o|2|0.75|0|1|1|relationships
ekqge5|2020-01-06 07:03:53|I’m having relationship problems and I don’t know what to do... (20M) (21F)|"I’m having issues with my relationship and I don’t know what to do... (20M) (21F)

I’ve been dating her for about a year.

I love her personality; when she’s around her friends, or when we are acting like friends. 

But maybe we aren’t compatible. Idk. The longer I date her the more I’m seeing the issues with her.

1. She cries over anything and everything. I see her once a week for 2 days and she’ll cry at least once during that time period, over something meaningless or me putting the toothpaste in the wrong spot.

2. She needs reassurance every day. She asks every single day “do you still love me?” And if I criticize anything she does or after she cries she asks that. 

3. She gets jealous and always craves attention. I made a new coworker friend and she said that “I don’t like how close you are getting with your friend, I know it’s shitty for me to say! But you’re mine” (the coworker was the same sex as me) 

4. She is super sensitive. It’s like I’m walking on egg shells. She teased me about my pubic hair so I teased her about it and she either cries or says “that was mean”. 

The problem is how ingrained we are within each other. I know her extended family, she knows mine. I talk to her dad a lot. I’ve spent all of my free time the past year with her or her friends. I’ve made no new friends, and lost some as well. If we broke up I would be incredibly lonely.

She’s really attractive, the best I could get. The sex is good. She’s super insecure about everything.

I guess I’m happy in the relationship overall, but all of these perks I’ve said really bother me. We’ve been dating for a while now and I’m not sure if I want to take the next step. I also fantasize what it would be like to be single. Hang out with friends an entire weekend that I barely met, going on fun dates. I can’t do that with her. My weekends are consumed by her. 

I do love her. When she’s my friend I love her personality. But when love gets thrown into the mix she becomes incredibly clingy, emotional, jealous, and so much more.




TL;DR I don’t know if me and my girlfriend are compatible. Need someone else’s opinion."|stupidcsstudent69|False|https://redd.it/ekqge5|4|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekxufx|2020-01-06 18:14:01|I'm (35F) and I've only ever been with my husband (36M) sexually. Is it wrong to feel like I need to get more experience, though our sex life isn't bad?|"We were high school sweethearts, and yes I do love him. It's rare highschool relationships work out so well. We've grown closer, not apart.

WE've both changed significantly, but not at all in a bad way. I became more confident, more outgoing, I blossomed in my late 20s. He had a few ups and downs, but now he's perfect. He looks great, has a great career.

We complement each other a lot.

But I can't help but feel like I missed out on being with other men. I really really do love my husband, but part of me wishes for that time in our late 20s when he was depressed (though I was successful and looked great), we should have been apart.

It worked out well now, but every so often I feel queasy. I have certain triggers I'll discuss:

1. My best friend is in a dead bedroom and has recently started seeing other men for sex (behind her husband's back as they live in separate cities at the moment). She's been with 17 guys last year, and vividly describes the sex. What bugs me, and I know it shouldn't is that this has boosted her confidence a lot. And it will sound super shallow and evil of me to say, but I'm a lot more attractive, yet because of the attention she's getting, it's making me feel jealous, like I should be using my looks and have fun. I must say, while I love my life with my husband, going out getting laid sounds fun. Everytime an attractive guy flirts with me now I start picturing sex with him. It's very unfair to my husband (though he admits he thinks about sexy women the same way).
2. I'm a group chat with my nieces who are in college. They don't know I was with my husband since high school since we never told my strict parents we were dating, and in college we were in a LDR, so mostly everyone thinks we hooked up after college. My nieces constantly ask me for sex advice, send pics of guys they're hooking up. Honestly, while I don't keep track, it seems they've both been with over 30 men each in two years of college, perhaps more!
3. I know TV and reality TV isn't real, but seeing women switch partners on TV, have casual sex. It looks empowering and fun and I feel like it's something I need to do.

After all that is said, the real reason for my issue are these:

1. I don't feel like I was designed to be sexually monogamous, I feel like it's part of my personality to be with multiple men, have casual sex.
2. I'm worried this feeling is due to something lacking in my relationship, but I honestly can't really figure it out. Which is weird because I alternate between feelings of thinking my husband is perfect, sweet, handsome, funny, attractive....to thoughts of banging other men.

Can anyone please shed light on this?

I think I can suggest swinging to my husband, but honestly, I don't think I'd like that. I like going out and flirting, swinging seems to be all about the sex.

A while back I posted this here and the post was taken down and I was told to post on poly, or nonmonogomy subs. However, I literally got no replies.

Also, I don't want their biased perspective. I want the opinions of people who have been in long term monogamous relaitonships and how they dealt with their attraction to the opposite sex

&#x200B;

tldr;

I'm (35F) and I've only ever been with my husband (36M) sexually. Is it wrong to feel like I need to get more experience, though our sex life isn't bad? I want to suggest some sort of open relationship but I'm afraid and i need to understand my feelings better."|Bitter-Idea|False|https://redd.it/ekxufx|0|0.47|0|46|1|relationships
ekoyli|2020-01-06 04:42:32|I [22F] am attracted to women, but struggle with shooting my shot.|"As long as I can remember, I have always been attracted to women but never dated one. Just men. I recently embraced my attraction and fluidity, which has been so liberating. I am certain that I want to pursue a serious relationship with a woman, but I get nervous when approaching them. I also worry that if I approach them and they’re not into me, I possibly just ruined a potential friendship. 

So my questions are:  1) How can I tell if a woman is interested in me? What cues should I look for to proceed in shooting my shot? 2) What’s the best way to approach a woman and show interest without being too passive or aggressive? 3) What are ways to ask a woman out on a date?

Tl/Dr: I am a feminine woman interested in other feminine women, but struggle with shooting my shot."|brickhousebabe|False|https://redd.it/ekoyli|8|0.9|0|20|1|relationships
ek1kth|2020-01-04 20:00:37|My (31f) husband (34m) and I got into a terrible verbal fight and I don't know if we can come back from it.|"We have often argued during our marriage (of 7 years), but resentment has been building this year, along with many stressors. My father passed away at the beginning of 2019. Husband was laid off in April and had a very hard time finding another job. At his new job, I felt he was becoming far too cozy with a secretary and it led to a lot of arguments.

&#x200B;

Yesterday we got into what should have been a minor disagreement. Instead, it's like the floodgates of resentment on both our sides opened and we both just escalated the fight.

&#x200B;

We ended up saying things I don't think can be ever taken back. I know I was saying things that I felt were true but had never really said. I assume he was doing the same. Some of the things that were said:

&#x200B;

\- he told me I was fat and always miserable and he was far happier at work than at home around me.

\- I told him other men hit on me and obviously don't feel I'm too fat, and I told him he wasn't nearly hot enough to call me fat.

\- he told me that I was lazy and boring and that anyone hitting on me was probably just looking for a hook-up and would quickly become turned off by my personality.

\- I told him that at least I didn't act inappropriately with other men because, unlike him, I am respectful of our marriage and quickly shut stuff down rather than flirting with the office slut.

\- He said at least she was fun and kind and had a beautiful body, so when he had to come home to me every night of course he flirted with her at work because she was a nicer person than me and hotter than me.

\- I told him she could have him because he was a boring, lazy lover anyway and I'm sure after she sampled his ""technique"" she would quickly lose interest.

\- he then told me he was boring and lazy with me in bed because he found me gross and he's never been attracted to my body and he only has sex with me when he really wants to cum, but he just wants to get it over with quickly.

&#x200B;

I'm ashamed of how we acted. But the nasty soul-crushing things we said to each other -- I'm guessing we can't come back from that, right? I can't imagine having sex with him again now. Is this something that we could work through in counselling? Or should we call it a day and move forward to separate?

&#x200B;

**tldr: after months of stress and resentment, a mundane argument exploded into vicious verbal insults between my husband and I where we attacked each other's insecurities....need to know if it's fixable.**"|Guilty-Jelly|False|https://redd.it/ek1kth|2566|0.96|0|434|1|relationships
ekocd6|2020-01-06 03:49:10|I (f21) think I have relationship anxiety and questions about how I feel toward my boyfriend (m19)|"For a very long time I have struggled with my relationships and expectations of relationships. Right now I am with my boyfriend of 9 months and there is not anything wrong with the relationship. As far as I am concerned I am and we are relatively happy in our relationship. Happy enough that I am pushing to move out and start my life with him.

The problem comes from how I feel and think. There are a lot of different tiny problems that I mentally deal with and just want to understand what I should do with them and how I should be dealing with them. For starters when he says I love you it does not really make me feel anything. Sometimes it makes me feel good (not often) and other times it makes me anxious if I'm questioning things. But usually it does not make me feel anything or at least that is how it feels and I perceive it to be. I also question my love for him. I have this problem of not feeling like my feelings live up to the expectations that they should. Sometimes he gives me these amazing feelings. And no doubt am I happy and laughing when I am with him. But my brain likes to question if he really is the person I want to be with. There's just a like tiny voice in the back of my head that likes to provoke me and make me question everything. For another instance I worry about not missing him as much I feel like I should. Or I feel bad for not wanting to talk on the phone with him all of the time. Or when he says cute stuff it does not seem to affect me. Sometimes it does but to me it just does not seem to affect me in the way I feel like it should. There's also the fact that sometimes I do not find him attractive (almost to the point where he looks ugly) but like sometimes I find him extremely attractive.  

I feel like there is more I could say but yeah... 

TL;DR- I have a hard time understanding my feelings and do not know what to do. Feel confused about if I love my boyfriend and hearing him say I love you does not make me feel anything."|HeyFuckMeUpButterCup|False|https://redd.it/ekocd6|7|0.76|0|3|1|relationships
ekn8w4|2020-01-06 02:21:31|How should I (25/m) deal with my little sister’s (16/F) pregnancy after losing a child?|"This is kinda heavy, so sorry. But long story short my fiancé (24/f) and I (25/m) lost our baby in 2018 when she was 8 months pregnant. It was incredibly hard for us to get through and I did and still internalize a lot of the emotions regarding it, which I know is my problem, so I’ve been trying to deal with it which my family knows. I don’t live in the same country as my family( I live in the US and they live in the UK) including my little sister (16/f) so I had no clue about her pregnancy until she told me directly about 4 months ago. Obviously I was upset because I was incredibly disappointed since she’s 16, immature, and had all of the resources to not get pregnant (and I know because I made sure of it), and will give me yet another person to have to feed and take care of since I primarily take care of my family. I was also upset because this immature, irresponsible child was having a baby when mine was just taken away, which, again is my issue to come to terms with and isn’t her fault. I talked to my parents about it when I visited them a few months and they seemed like they understood my feelings and were supportive of me needing some space surrounding my sister’s pregnancy and the baby and all baby things in general. 

She had the baby a couple of days ago and an announcement and picture were sent in our family group chat and I said that the baby was beautiful and that I’m happy they were both safe and that was it. I spoke to my mom today and all she wanted to talk about was the baby and my sister, so I didn’t speak to her long and told her I needed a minute because actually seeing a newborn and being in the moment was a lot harder than I thought it would be. Then, I got a call from my dad who essentially said that I really needed to be there for my sister right now and “put everything else aside” and stop being selfish especially since my sister really needed me right now and the state of our relationship is stressing her out. 

I don’t know what to do. I feel bad that I can’t be there for her more right now but I just mentally and emotionally can’t be. I don’t want anyone to feel like they can’t continue living life because of what happened but at the same time I just need some time and they’re not being very respectful of that despite the fact that it’s been almost two years and it seems like a long time. I don’t want to cut them out of my life or ignore them but right now it just seems like the best course of action for the time being but I’m also really emotional right now so I don’t wanna do anything that’s going to permanently damage my familial relationship but right now I just don’t see another way. 

So I guess I’m asking for advice on what to do with my family and how to approach this with my family without seeming like more of an asshole? 

TLDR: My fiance and I lost a child almost 2 years ago and my teenage sister just had a baby and I’m having a hard time dealing with that and feel like my family aren’t giving me the space I’m asking for at the moment and don’t know how to approach it with them without causing damage or making things worse."|Insert__usernamehere|False|https://redd.it/ekn8w4|10|0.79|0|3|1|relationships
ekun7d|2020-01-06 14:13:01|Should I (24f) give my ex-best friend (23m) another chance to be friends?|"To get this out of the way: I'm on mobile and English isn't my first language.

Alright, so I feel like the title says a lot already. My former best friend, we will call him Ben, and I were best friends for like 4 years. At the beginning of our friendship Ben had a small crush on me and we made out twice but nothing ever got serious so we just became best friends and we both started dating other people. 

Now about a year ago Ben broke up with his gf and was pretty sad about it so I wanted to cheer him up. We decided to go to his favourite pub. So we went out for dinner, had  maybe two drinks each and talked like we always did. After a bit Ben brought up the crush he had, how we made out those two times, how my bf must be so lucky to have me, blabla. This made me feel really uncomfortable. He was definitely overstepping a line and flirted aggressively, trying to hold my had etc. 

I told him to stop which he did and I thought that was it. When it was time for him to go home we realised that he had missed his last bus and because I didn't want him to spend a fortune on a taxi I offered him to stay the night at my place. I let Ben sleep in my bed and I slept in my roommate's bed (who was gone over the weekend). Ben seemed to be pretty upset that I didn't want to sleep in a bed with him and the next day, when I finally got him to leave, he gave me a really long really awkward hug after bringing up his crush on me again. 

I was so uncomfortable with this entire situation that I got really distant with him and when he asked why I told him. He didn't apologize he just stopped contacting me. 

Now Ben tries to talk to me again, tries to meet up. I don't know if I should give him another chance. Has anyone ever been in a situation like this? Any advice? Am I just overthinking this?

TLDR: my ex-best friend tries to reconnect after he made me feel incredibly uncomfortable ( flirting with me, holding my hand, wanting to share a bed and hugging me even after telling him I was uncomfortable). Should I give him another chance after a year of not talking to meet up again?"|heartmyboo|False|https://redd.it/ekun7d|1|0.67|0|8|1|relationships
ekord0|2020-01-06 04:24:48|(F24) Should I aim older?|"I've been thinking about this a lot. So, I kinda am just not into a lot of guys my age. They're too busy doing stupid shit like partying, drinking, spending too much money frivolously, etc. At the same time, The idea of dating someone, eh, 30-35 is kinda appealing. They'd hopefully be more mature, have more experience, decided on if they want kids or not (for the record, I'm child free and plan to stay that way. I hate children.)  I wouldn't have to worry about him living with his parents.

TL;DR Basically, I'm just looking for someone gentle, nurturing, mature, and willing to pay attention and listen to my needs sexual and otherwise. I'm not finding that in my age range, so should I aim higher?"|KilimanjaroCat|False|https://redd.it/ekord0|7|0.78|0|27|1|relationships
ekhywn|2020-01-05 19:46:43|I [29F] am so sad after I broke up with boyfriend [27M] of 8 months - is this a sign I made the wrong decision?|"I broke up with my boyfriend of 8 months about a week ago - I was 100% sure before I did it. I'd been having doubts for about two months because I felt he wasn't mature enough, he saw the world in a very black and white way, I really like having in depth conversations and he doesn't, and we don't have the same sense of humor. I definitely fell in love with him when we started dating but I'm not sure I stayed in love with him. He had been starting to really irritate me and I stopped wanting to bring him with me when I saw my friends. 


However, he also has qualities I really value in a partner - he's incredibly kind, emotionally open, always willing to compromise and talk things through, always getting me little surprises.


Now that we're broken up I feel so sad - like I have a hole in my chest. I'm crying everyday. I miss him so much and think about him all the time. I think about his good qualities and wonder if I should have valued them more and worked on the other things. 


It's worth noting that I went through a few medication changes for my depression and anxiety while with him but never became deeply depressed or anxious (the changes were to deal with side effects). I also had a pretty stressful job. My therapist supported my decision to leave but she retired recently and I have to find a new one.


Is this normal or is it a sign I might have made the wrong decision? How do I deal with feeling like this?


TL;DR: I broke up with my boyfriend 8 months ago because of I felt he wasn't mature enough, we have different senses of humor, differences with conversational styles, and how we see the world. Now I keep thinking about other amazing qualities he had and I am so sad, crying all the time and missing him. Is this normal or is it a sign I might have made the wrong decision?"|breakup245|False|https://redd.it/ekhywn|32|0.77|0|14|1|relationships
ekcw90|2020-01-05 13:17:42|I'm (24F) unsure how to tactfully bring up intimacy issues with partner (31M) of 3 years, when he is going through a traumatic time|"Sorry if this is long- first time posting.  I have been in a relationship with a beautiful man I'll call Alex for almost three years. He means so much to me and is without a doubt the best thing to enter my life.

Before Alex I had two previous relationships which were both quite hard, fast and turbulent.  Plunged straight into infatuation and sex all the time, in both cases we had horrible arguments all the time but also couldn't get enough of each other.  The way things began with Alex was much slower.  There was just as much love there, but it was a pleasant softer, slower sort of relationship. It was unfamiliar to me at first, but I have found it to be much healthier, a much more secure and sustainable love where I feel completely respected and supported.  He knows me better than anybody ever has.  We have almost never argued, we have had disagreements but we are are generally very good at communicating about issues.  I genuinely feel like he's my soulmate.

Alex is currently going through a pretty traumatic time.  About 6 months ago his younger sister who he is very close to was diagnosed with a terminal illness, she's expected to live for a few more years, but she is undergoing a very intense treatment at the moment.  He's been extremely stressed about it recently as it is uncertain how successful the treatment will be. I can tell he's thinking about it constantly. He's been visiting her several times a week. I try as hard as I can to be supportive of him and I have been with him to visit her a number of times. It's very heartbreaking stuff and I don't know what else I can do other than be there for him and his family with love and support. We talk about it quite a lot. 

What I'm struggling a little bit with the lack of intimacy in our relationship.  I would never want him to do something if his heart wasn't in it and I totally understand with everything that he is going through its probably the last thing on his mind. It feels like a selfish thing to bother me but I'm partly having a hard time with it because I have been questioning my sexual identity and I feel more lost than ever.  I feel like I'm at an age where its healthy to be experimenting and exploring that part of myself, but it has been so long since we were intimate  (maybe 10 times in the past year) I barely view myself as a sexual person anymore. It's not just hat I'm sexually frustrated, it's like I've become non sexual. I am less sure of what my sexual desires and orientation are than I was when I was a teenager.  If you were to ask me what my fantasies are or what I like during sex I couldn't tell you. 

We've talked about it a little a few months back and he just apologised and said he's not feeling sexy at the moment but nothing changed and we never discussed it again.  We used to have sex quite regularly in the first year we were together. Its gradually gotten to the point we are at now.  As I said earlier this is a stark contrast from the lustful relationships I had when I was younger. We do adore each other and still express affection and intimacy in other fulfilling ways. We stay at one another's houses several times a week but just cuddle/kiss.  I still try to initiate sometimes but he is rarely receptive to this so I don't bother often.

I feel like a total selfish arsehole for even thinking about this when he is going through what he is.  I think the answer is obviously that he just isn't in the mood because of what he is going through.  So I feel concerned that it would be offensive and useless for me to vocalise this.  Of course I do want to have a healthy sex life but if the answer is that he doesn't feel like it at the moment I don't want to leave him so there is basically nothing that can be done. . But still normally we talk everything over so it feels wrong to just anguish over this thing in silence.  If I do try to have a conversation, how can I bring it up tactfully in an understanding way?  Or should I just shut up and deal with it while he is feeling this way?

TL;DR: I don't know if/how to bring up intimacy issues while my partner is going through a traumatic experience with a gravely ill family member"|itseverybodysgod|False|https://redd.it/ekcw90|95|0.87|0|23|1|relationships
ekucy1|2020-01-06 13:48:06|I (28M) feel like I’ll never deserve the love I receive|"Tl;dr I feel like my fiancée is slipping away from me and getting tired of my problems, and feel like I don’t deserve her. I keep losing people and I’m afraid she’s next


I should be happy, I’m 28, live with my amazing fiancée (23F) who took me in when my relationship with my mother dissolved. Rewind to June, I co-owned my mother’s house as she couldn’t afford the repayments alone. I argue with my SO then come to the realisation that this fantasy I have where she moves in with me can’t happen while I live with my mum, even though I own the house. So I request we sell and buy somewhere smaller which, after a few conversations and revelations, my mother and I agree she’ll take on the mortgage and we will never speak again. 
I’ve lived with my fiancée since September in her parents house while this all goes through. I have lived off a pile of clothes on the floor but with someone who wants me. We’re engaged now, we’re planning our lives together and want the same things from it. Except I’ve started to feel recently that she doesn’t actually want me around. When I help with her horses I feel like I’m getting in the way, she has pointed out that I’m slowing her down up there by hugging her and kissing her. I’m causing her additional stress at home because sometimes I’ll bring my dog round to stay the night which I thought her folks were fine with but apparently they moan to her about the dogs being up all night playing and mine escaping. She said she doesn’t need to be there in the first place, but the alternative is I don’t ever get to see her because I cannot fathom going to my mothers house where she lives while this mortgage process is going through.  I now am faced with the possibility I might need to rehome my dog if I have nowhere for her and it is breaking my heart. This all happened during the same time one of her horses got sick and I suggested we cancel our weekend away to make sure he was alright, I knew she’d be stressed and I’ve done all I can to alleviate that stress, I’ll make dinner, lunches for work, give nightly back/foot rubs and I thought I was helping until the other day I started making breakfast and put pepper in her eggs which after eating she told me how much she despises pepper and it ruined her breakfast. She has mentioned this before but I forgot and now she feels like I don’t know her at all. Due to an inability to perform a second time quickly last night she said she feels like she isn’t good enough for me and honestly it made me feel like less of a man because I can’t please her. I feel like I’m not deserving of her because I keep making mistakes and am honestly starting to feel like I’m a burden and I’m only still hers because she’d feel guilty ending things with me having nowhere to go."|JumboSnausage|False|https://redd.it/ekucy1|1|0.6|0|0|1|relationships
ekucxv|2020-01-06 13:48:06|I (23F) am stuck between two people|"Hi everyone
TLDR: I’m struggling with whether or not to break up with my partner and, if so, start dating someone else.

I (23F) have been with my current partner (23M), who we will call C, for a little under four years. Like all relationships, we’ve had our ups and downs, but for the most part we make a wonderful team. 

C and I met when he was a freshman in college and I was a sophomore. We have been through a lot together (my fathers cancer, his delayed graduation, multiple periods of long distance) and have supported each other through all of it. At time, he is attentive, caring, and a great boyfriend.

Other times, however, he is not. He does not plan activities for us unless I beg for it, and even then it’s not a full date, just a “okay, we’re going to dinner.” I’m not asking for anything elaborate or expensive, I just want him to pick a restaurant, at least. He does not text me first. If I didn’t text him, we would go days without talking. He didn’t get me a birthday gift this year. For all of 2018 we were several thousand miles apart, and it was really rough. Things are always better when we’re together, so being apart is especially difficult. We would have the same fight every month, like clock work, where I would ask for more effort from him and he would tell me he would try, and I would let it go because I can’t hold a grudge, and really, what else could he do in that moment except promise to try? And then a few weeks would pass and nothing would change and we would fight again because it was either that or break up and I was too scared of that. When I moved back within 45 minutes of him last year, I thought things would get better, but they haven’t. 

As for the other person... C and I have been in an open relationship on and off for about three years. It was a mutual decision and works well for us, and we are good about communicating what are boundaries and expectations are. About two years ago, I started getting closer with one of our mutual friends, A (23M). We eventually slept together (with C’s knowledge and permission), and after that became really close. I checked every step of the way that C was okay with how much time A and I spent together, and he always was. No jealousy, no attempts to spend more time with me, just an apparent happiness that he could go off and do whatever it was he did with his time without having to worry about me saying I wanted more time with him. I essentially began using A as a “practice boyfriend”, as we jokingly called each other. When I moved away in 2018, it was A I was falling asleep to on discord each night, not C. When I went to visit C, A was always there for part of it (we were all good friends, and it wasn’t odd that he was invited to big group events). When I moved back, despite living twice as far away from me as C does, A is the one who was excited to see me and was over every weekend and planning activities and things for us.

C has known about all of this the whole time, and has been, at least on the surface, okay with it. He was very busy, dealing with a lot at school. I did my absolute best to give him space and not bug him because I knew he was busy, and I tried to be supportive and offered to help in any way I could. Mostly, I just started quiet, and tried to swallow that feeling of neglect. Everyone so often there would be a bubble of jealousy from C, and there would be a tear filled fight where I would tell him of course I would rather be spending time with him, but A makes time for me and he does it, and I’m not going stay at home, alone, all weekend, just because C is busy. 

I’m at a very important transitional time in my life. I’m about to start graduate school, which means not only a career change, but a big move and a new city and a lot of other things. A is also at a transitional time, and is considering a move to the same city. C... was supposed to graduate two years ago, then was supposed to graduate a year ago, then was supposed to graduate in December, but for a combination of reasons both within and outside of his control, has not. It is looking like he will graduate in May now (hopefully), and after that he will most likely move back with his parents. No slight against that, it’s just several thousand miles away from where I will be. 

I don’t know what to do. Every so often C pulls something off that makes my heart flutter, or sends me a cute text, and looking back on those makes my heart break at the thought of breaking up with him. On the other hand, I’ve been telling myself for about a year and a half now “I’ll give him another month and see if things get better” or “I’ll wait till the next time I see him and things will probably get bette then” and they haven’t. I have to figure out if things are ever going to “get better” or if we just are fundamentally incompatible. We might just be at very different stages in our lives, and I’m willing to wait, but have I waited long enough? And is this opportunity to explore something with A, something I know I’ll be happy in because we have been more or less dating for the past year, something worth focusing on? Sorry this got so long, but thanks for reading."|stopyelling17|False|https://redd.it/ekucxv|1|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
eku5cc|2020-01-06 13:28:41|My [20F] boyfriend [19M] always invalidates my feelings.|"Background: we have been dating for almost a year

Whenever my boyfriend does something that hurts me, he always says that I am shaming him. 

For example: he hid the fact that he was talking to this girl by deleting the message thread off of his Snapchat. The conversation was completely platonic and he showed it to me but it still hurt that he tried to hide it from me. Earlier in our relationship, I still had contact with my ex because my ex and I agreed to be friends after we broke up and it was working very well. We no longer had feelings for each other and we were truly just friends and it made everything easier since we had the same friend group. My current boyfriend didn’t like this and constantly shamed me saying exes deserve to be blocked and that his ex is blocked on everything and he continued with this lie for months. One day I decided that I wanted to start using Instagram again and the first person I followed was my current boyfriend and I quickly found out that he was still following his ex and liking her pictures. That wasn’t the issue. I was upset that for months he was lying to me and telling me that his ex was blocked on everything and that I should do the same and that he hadn’t seen his ex since their break up but I soon found out he saw her just a couple months prior. He also told me for some reason him and his ex made a sex tape but then later told me it was a lie and wouldn’t explain why he even said it in the first place.

Anyways, these things hurt me for pretty obvious (at least I think it’s obvious maybe I’m wrong that’s why I’m here :)) reasons. And when I confronted him about these issues (and all other issues) he is instantly hostile, cold, and dismissive. Quickly after he tells me to just date someone else if I don’t have anything good to say about him. He claims that I am shaming him for expressing why the things he has done hurts me. I try to explain to him that I have a right to feel hurt by his hurtful actions and I have a right to express that hurt without him claiming that I am shaming him about them. 

I am just at a loss. I feel like it’s the same fight over and over and he thinks most fights are my fault because I can’t “let things go” and I feel like they are his because from the very beginning he is invalidating and it’s hard to move on about things when my pain is never rightfully addressed and dealt with. 

I guess I am asking who’s in the wrong here? Am I just unable to let things go or is it not right for him to accuse me of shaming him every time I try to express my feelings about his actions?

TL;DR: every time my boyfriend does something that hurts my feelings and I try to express how I feel about it he claims that I am just shaming him and says I should get a different boyfriend if I have nothing positive to say about him."|riverjude|False|https://redd.it/eku5cc|1|0.67|0|7|1|relationships
eklpoa|2020-01-06 00:24:09|My (32f) husband (33m) threw my gifts?|"We've been together 5 years, married almost 1 year.

Earlier today, I found out my husband threw away one part of a gift set I got him last year - it was a keyboard, mouse, headset combo. I knew he had a mouse and headset already but told him it's for backup if/when he needs them. Yesterday his old headset broke so he was going on about buying a new one. I reminded him of the one I got him last year and he said he has thrown it out.

I was upset, a bit, but got over it.

Until tonight.

Tonight we're prepping for our daughter's birthday, and 3 days ago I had bought everything we needed except candles, because he said he had candles. I asked if he's sure, because if not I'd go pick them up, but he said he did. Tonight he tells me he thought I meant some other candles and we didn't have any. I was upset and told him this was one thing I had asked him to do, so he'll need to go to the store to buy one. He wasn't too happy about it but said fine.

Luckily we found a candle, but when it came to the light it, he asked me if he had anything. I asked what about your other lighters? He said he threw them out. So I said ""oh! Your Zippo, just use that"".

(Background: when we started dating he told me he had this cool engraved Zippo that got stolen from him and he was upset about it. So for Father's day and our 6 month anniversary of dating, I surprised him with a Zippo that I bought that looked like his old one, got engraved with a special message on both sides. I had put a lot of thought into the message on it.)

He says  ""I threw that out."". I looked at him with disbelief and asked - ""you just cleaned your desk the other day, I saw it. It's with your stuff, maybe you didn't put it back?"" 
He replied, "" no, I definitely threw it out, I remember putting it with the lighter fluid and throwing it out""

(ETA: he would have just thrown it out a day or 2 ago)

So in anger I told him if that's the case, I hate him because I went out of my way to get him that lighter custom engraved for him.

I am really upset. I want to tell him to f off and he'll never get a gift from me again. He doesn't care about my feelings?  I added the part about the candle because I feel like he does not put any emotional thought into things?? Am I just overreacting? He does a LOT around the house, moreso now because I'm struggling with pregnancy complications, but I still feel like..emotionally he is not there? I feel a lot of times he doesn't really put thought into what I have said or done.

I would just like some advice on how to handle this. He tried to apologize about the lighter saying he ""forgot it was engraved"". I told him I didn't want to talk about it. Because I really just need some advice on how to express my hurt to him and what good will it do? How should I handle this? I guess I also feel like a lot of gifts I get him, even stuff he asks for, he doesn't do anything with. It takes the joy out of giving him anything if 1. He doesn't use it, or 2. Doesn't care enough about it to remember it's significance. Our 1 year wedding anniversary is also coming up soon, and I'm not so inclined to want to do anything right now.

Any insight would be much appreciated. Thank you.

Tl;Dr husband threw away 2 gifts, 1 was a sentimental engraved item, doesn't seem to appreciate my gifts or efforts, how do I handle it without going overboard?"|Always_Cookies|False|https://redd.it/eklpoa|12|0.8|0|10|1|relationships
ekrw18|2020-01-06 09:39:25|I(M20) Need Help With Long Distance Girlfriend (F21) Problems. Any advice is appreciated.|"We have been dating for over 4 years now and we are pretty much soulmates and best friends.

For some background, I started dating my gf Katie when I was 16 and she was 17. We spent a year together at home and really fell in love. We were our first everything pretty much, first kiss, we lost our virginity to eachother, and just basically grew up together the last couple years of HS. She is a year older so she away to college before me and we started our troubling long distance relationship. Everything was amazing still, she’d come home on all her breaks and spend almost every second of every day she had home with me. Then I chose my college and it is a 4 hours drive away from hers. Over my freshman year it got harder. She started becoming really clingy and upset that I couldn’t see her nearly as much or talk
as much because I’m busier. I was really homesick and depressed without her at the end of my freshman year which led me to drinking my sorrows away pretty much. One night I made a huge mistake, blacked out and ended up kissing a girl from my college. I felt so guilty the next day I just came clean immediately, this hurt her more than anything because I was her first real boyfriend. She’s never dealt with heartbreak before and she overreacted a lot. She eventually forgave me and we spent that whole summer together and we were as good as new. 

Then my sophomore year comes and she started to develop serious depression symptoms, never to the point of suicidal thoughts but she just couldn’t stand being away from me for even a month. We discussed taking a break for both of our healths and we tried, but we couldn’t not talk to each other for more than a couple days. Sophomore year wasn’t horrible but that summer came and we had a lot of fun and seemed to be more in love than ever. I thought that we could really get through this and survive this distance. 

The end of the summer came and she started getting panic attacks worrying about her senior year and being away from me again. We compromised with more frequent visits to eachothers colleges when my Junior fall semester started, as often as every other weekend. Things were still really hard, I could tell depression was changing Katie as she started doing things that were not like her at all. She was a mess every night that I was unable to talk to her and even together during visits she was depressed because she knew she’d have to leave at some point. Nothing was going well. Then I found out her sorority sister had started to get her to do cocaine with her some weekends. She told me she done it the next time we visited and I knew it was nothing like her. She was so guilty about it and I knew it had to stop before she became addicted, but when we are so far away I’m helpless. She became progressively worse and then one night our relationship got even harder. It was Halloween and she told me she was drinking a lot more than she can remember and blacked out, she woke up naked in some random guys bed and assumed they had sex. She was devastated telling me, but I was demolished inside. I knew the mental state she was in so I couldn’t take out all my anger on her, I just held it all in and she stayed a whole week at my school as we figured things out. Boy was my self esteem and confidence low that week. I felt pathetic. But I knew she did too. What had happened to us? 


She couldn’t stop doing coke either and started to develop suicidal thoughts, I knew that i had to do something before it was too late. We started discussing the idea of letting eachother go until we both graduate and can be together again. I knew she needed that and maybe I did too. She was consumed in the addiction of cocaine that whenever she drank she would do anything she could to try and get some. We fought a lot one night she visited because at a party she was really drunk and was asking everyone for coke, not knowing who even sold it at my college. I of course was doing everything I could to stop her from getting some and she hated me for it, she said a lot of things that hurt me that I knew she didn’t mean, but it was just like the addiction was controlling her. It was hard to look at her the same that weekend and I was really angry and pissed I had to take care of her but couldn’t show it. I felt like I was dying inside and slowly withering away because of her being so depressed. It drained me. She had a panic attack that night on the walk back to my room and was crying so much she couldn’t even walk. I never saw a person so low in my life and it hurt me to see her like this. 

This past Winter break came and we made sure she was put on depression meds, we were trying everything to help. We then decided early in the break that we would spend the rest of the break together for the holidays then let eachother go for our own good. We want to marry eachother, we still have tremendous love for eachother, and when we are home together there isn’t one problem in our relationship. We feel like we are best friends more than just boyfriend and girlfriend and the goal is to get back together once we both graduate. I am 20 and she is 21 now and she left for college already while I have another week at home. 

Now we are slowly talking less and less until we don’t talk much at all unless it is completely urgent. I thought I’d handle it decently well but I have never been this depressed or felt this alone. I know what she felt like now. I have nobody to talk about how I feel to, I only ever talked to her about my feelings. I’m scared for her and worried she’ll keep doing cocaine because she’s sad even though she promised not to. I’m scared she’ll do things that aren’t like her such as sleep around in order to forget about me. She is doing better with her medication but I am worried about her depression too. I just feel helpless and alone right now. I love this girl with all my heart right now and just don’t want her to change too much or to lose her. Any advice on what I should do to make me happier, and/or her happier? I just have nobody to talk to.


Sorry if this felt like a rant, I just felt like in order to understand my very uncommon situation I had to explain our relationship deeply.


TL;DR! 
I have never felt this alone these last couple days barely talking to someone I’ve talked to hours on end every day for the last 4 years and I can tell it’s hurting her too but we’re desperately trying anything that can make her happy. I’m thinking of considering an open relationship idk. Drugs are not the biggest problem in my eyes anymore because we’ve both had a serious discussion about stopping that from continuing. I just don’t know what to do anymore."|SammiSport|False|https://redd.it/ekrw18|2|0.75|0|1|1|relationships
eku02k|2020-01-06 13:14:31|I am thinking of breaking up|"My boyfriend (20M) and I (19F) have been together for four years. We have had many ups and downs especially because we both moved and have to deal with the distance. 

A year ago things went terribly. I had stopped uni because I did not choose what I wanted to do but what brought me the closest to him. I had to go back home. Then I started hanging out with an old group of friends. One of them was a guy (22M) I used to have a crush on. We would go out and get drunk very often and he started flirting with me during parties, so I flirted back. Once I got blacked out drunk, and all I could remember was that we kissed. I had bruises all over my body and my lips were swollen and blue, I remember him biting them. I felt so ashamed I never told anyone, I just told my boyfriend that he had made moves on me and I stopped seeing him. I should have made clear I didn’t want anything with him from the start but I liked the attention.

Things went well between my boyfriend and I until his best friend (18F) went living with him at his parent’s place and worked with him. They saw each other 24/7 and I felt threatened because I worked as well and couldn’t come see him often. Then they decided to go on a two week holidays together and that made me sick of jealousy. I explained how bad I felt about it but he went anyway. I could forgive him but he doesn’t regret going despite hurting me, and this is what I struggle forgiving. He still hurts me a lot, and I feel like we don’t understand each other. 

I started having doubts he while ago. When I think about our relationship I get sad and mad. On one hand he’s my best friend, the most important person in my life but on the other hand, I don’t know if I still love him as much as I used to. I’m mad at him for not being supportive enough, he never confesses anything to me and gets mad at me when I complain too much. I feel like we are drifting apart. He never was romantic and it is getting worse, he acts like I belong to him and never tells me that he loves me because « it’s obvious ».
I even have thoughts about leaving him, because I started getting interested in one of my roommates friend (22M). I cannot stop thinking about him and it’s awful for my boyfriend. However things will never happen between us even if I were single. I think he is out of my league and may have friendzoned me, and he knows my boyfriend and likes him. I once told him about my relationship getting worse and he joked about how I could date his friend, so... My roommate (18F) is very cuddly with him and always says he’s the best looking one in the group after her boyfriend. She’s very possessive of her friends and I fear she wouldn’t let me try anything, or would ruin it. 
The fact that I think about all that disgusts me of myself. I am so lost because I don’t like my attitude. I hate change and I don’t know what to do or who to talk to. I hate loneliness and without my boyfriend I would be left alone. I am so selfish to stay with him despite having doubts... 
When my ex broke up with me he ghosted me, I was young but as sensitive as I am now, and fell into a bad state of depression. I shunned all my friends, got drunk on my own and cut myself. I thought about ending it but I couldn’t. I met my bf at this time and he helped me recover.
Please help me, how can I figure out what to do ? 

TL;DR : I am in a four years relationship. I was in a bad place once and a guy I flirted with kissed me, but violently and I was so drunk I couldn’t stop him. Never told my bf because I was ashamed. Then he got too close to a female friend of his and I got jealous, he didn’t make efforts to shut it. I told him the fact that he did not consider my pain seriously made me mad but he doesn’t regret anything. Now I struggle because I don’t know what to do, I don’t even know if I love him anymore. I think of another boy and it disgusts me of myself. I fear of being alone because the last time I broke up with someone I was so depressed I thought about killing myself. I feel so selfish but I need time. How can I figure out what to do ?"|Aahoohiih|False|https://redd.it/eku02k|1|0.6|0|4|1|relationships
ekqky1|2020-01-06 07:16:26|Am I over reacting?|"Tl;dr — is it time to leave boyfriend, who drinks every night? He is not always black out drunk. Am I over reacting?

My (23f) boyfriend (23m) has a drinking problem— at least to me. He refuses to acknowledge it. Time and time again for about two years we will argue over his drinking. It will result into myself confessing how I feel about his drinking and he will apologize for it then promise me he will limit it.

You see, I don’t want to always nag at him and be like a mom to him. I will complain or bring up issues, but I never want to make a grown adult what to do with their life. However, my boyfriend has been drinking every night. I will try to understand it most days by making excuses like — he only have 4 / 6 shots so he’s just tipsy, he worked all day, etc. 

Bottling this up ultimately results into me blowing up when he is a bit too drunk for my taste and he will incoherently argue with me. I know, I shouldn’t have bottled it all up and bring it up to him nicely, but he loves to escalate things into a fight then blame me for ruining a good day. 

It’s a shitty thing to do, but these fights would get so bad that I often mention a break up. However, this is my first serious relationship and I always end having cold feet and end up making back up with him. This time though... i’m seriously thinking. Tonight he just laughed in my face and blamed my bipolar issues for this “episode.”  Am I over reacting?"|number1bum|False|https://redd.it/ekqky1|3|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ekhv7u|2020-01-05 19:39:55|my family is constantly showering me with random free things and I'm beginning to feel uncomfortable|"i (f23) recently moved out of my parents house to live with my boyfriend (m30). ever since moving my family has been giving me all this food and clothes and other stuff.

for example, i recently went to visit my grandmother and she asked me to go to the butcher instead of her to pick up a few things. when i came back, she took two large pieces of meat and put them in a seperate bag and told me to take it home.

also, when my mom took me birthday shopping over a month ago, she spent way too much money on clothes and shoes for me

basically, every time i visit them, i get fruit, meat, something frozen, sweets, or something else.

i am a student and work weekends in a bar, while my boyfriend has a full time job. i figured maybe they aren't sure if I'm making enough money to support myself and they want to help (since it isn't really common here for people to move out of their parents house this early) but they keep suffocating me with these things and I'm not sure how to politely reject because it can sometimes be so much that i end up throwing things away. i don't want to seem ungrateful but it's beginning to bother both me and my boyfriend (he says he feels like a freeloader sometimes)

tl;dr my family keeps pushing me to take things from them (mostly food) and It's beginning to make me and my boyfriend uncomfortable

edit: i would just like to say that this post wasn't me complaining about my parents, or at least wasn't supposed to be. i just wanted advice on how to politely reject their help, even though I'm really grateful, just because i sometimes feel guilty about having to throw things away, or maybe what i could do for them to make it up to them
thanks everyone!"|tyna_96|False|https://redd.it/ekhv7u|23|0.75|0|25|1|relationships
ektuss|2020-01-06 13:00:50|Cousin (23F) constantly worrying about weight and food and keeps Whatsapping me (19M) about it; how to deal with it?|"Fake names for privacy.

My cousin Julia, 23, who I'm close to, keeps WhatsApp'ing me sports bra and bikini pics and sending me messages about her weight, claiming she's not fat enough, she's too thin, and asking me for help.

I've always been close to her, she's got similar personality/interests to me in some ways.

She also keeps claiming that her working out at the gym isn't doing enough to gain weight and she's too thin. (She's shown me her Instagram full of sports bra and bikini pics, and that's concerning me).

One thing that's had me concerned for her mentally is she's kept demanding I wear a sports bra and running briefs for her when I see her (I do like sport, and play rugby now and then, not often though, but want to do so), I've told her no but she's so insistent about it, more than a one-off, in fact, she wants me to do so every time we go to the gym when I visit her (Often, we go to the gym together when I visit her, she's always been very into the gym).

Whenever I've told her no, she's yelled and screamed at me, insisting ""you're not helping me, you won't wear a bra and running briefs, what the hell?""

Julia's also obsessive over food, and spends a lot on crisps and Diet Coke she gets from poundland-style shops; she told me she once spent £20 on snacks in one go and said she needed to eat the crisps because she feels she gets satisfaction  out of them.

Her identical twin Ellie is concerned over this, but can't help, as she's living in Amsterdam currently for work and I don't see her often.

My family are very close to my cousins (on my mum's side of the family).

I'm concerned about her mental and physical health.

I'm not a medical expert, and it's wearing me down, I get 10-20 messages a day.

I only see Julia every other month or so, she lives the other side of the UK near London, I'm in Edinburgh.

She said she can't speak to a professional becuase she thinks they're just paid to give propaganda. But she keeps telling me she wants help.

I wonder if this is related to the fact Julia's girlfriend Kate left her and moved to live in Spain, affecting things? I know Julia dated Kate for nearly 3 years now, they were a good couple, it came out of the blue for her. I DONT know much about the circumstances of the breakup though.

I'm close to her and really care about her but dont want to sound like a jerk but I don't know how to help, what should i do?

TL;DR; Cousin keeps whatsapping me about weight issues."|Hazberhazvna6y|False|https://redd.it/ektuss|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ekttj4|2020-01-06 12:57:29|My boyfriend (18) uses me (17F) as his personal therapist, and refuses to get professional help.|"BF and I have been dating for so far 9 months, and we've been very happy together. 
My boyfriend has a couple of what I call mental issues. He has not been diagnosed with anything, but I truly think he suffers from a anxiety disorder of some sort, or maybe even depression. (mind you, I could be completely wrong). He seems to always be stressed about some things that most people would shrug over their heads, e.g someone who glances at him from a window, he thinks they're silently judging him for something.

He also seems to have constant mood swings. One minute he's fine, next he's sad or stressed about whatever. When he's sad, he says he never knows about what. Same deal with stress. 

Anyways, me being the closest person in his life he comes to me for support. I'm happy to comfort  him and all that, but sometimes things get so out of hand with his emotions I don't know what to do. I have no counciling skills so it eventually has turned into a huge weight on my shoulder. The confusing part about all of this is that he completely refuses to go see a professional councilor or therapist. Again, he thinks the person is going to judge him. I have tried so many times to explain that it is the councilors/therapists job to listen and help him, but he just doesn't understand. 

Can someone please help? I don't know what to do. Please ask any questions if I haven't clarified anything correctly. Thanks! 

TL;DR: My boyfriend clearly has a mental issue, but doesn't want to get help for it."|sinfulcats196|False|https://redd.it/ekttj4|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekqese|2020-01-06 06:59:16|I do not want to look at, talk to or acknowledge my boyfriend's ex. Is that vindictive?|"So this is my situation. I (22F) am in a relationship with an awesome guy (26M) who is my colleague, since around 10 months. He is just....awesome. But these days I have been doing something that I did not exactly plan on doing, and I wonder if that is normal and okay.

When I met my boyfriend in my office and things were beginning to get romantic, he opened up about his past where he was involved for a very long time with a woman, Xx. After their break up, both of them joined the same office which made Xx our mutual colleague. After their break up, instead of ending contact abruptly, both of them were slowly distancing themselves. He was still in contact with Xx during office breaks. He was planning on eventually cutting her off completely.  Everyone at office thought of Xx and my bf as friends and no one except me knew that they were once romantically involved.

So somewhere in the middle of this I ended up spending time with both bf and Xx together. And though they were keeping in touch before me, I never sensed any disloyalty in him, because he actually was very very transparent about every interaction that he continued with her and he wanted to cut her off anyways. Xx was also seeing other men and things were cordial between all of us. I started being nice to Xx. A certain part of me would even obsess over their relationship and wonder what went wrong...which is wrong because I should  be more focussed on my present relationship. Eventually one day I ended up noticing that my bf had an unhealthy equation with her, where he would, I don't know, put himself down to satisfy her. And she would find reasons to put him down. It was subtle and toxic. When the relationship was going wrong and she was confused about choosing him and frustrated about being with him, it seemed as if Xx became the one who was eternally disatisified with things and my boyfriend had been the one who tried to keep satisfying her while trading off his sense of self worth. And the dynamic remained even after the relationship had ended. It disturbed me deeply to see this and I told him to cut her off completely. That even if he kept interacting with her superficially that dynamic will remain and that he will lose his sense of self esteem. He gladly cut her off completely after that. He was more than happy to find me act possesive about him. 

So this is my problem, when I told him to cut her off, something inside me had snapped too. I did not feel like looking at Xx, acknowledding her or talking to her in ANY way. Which can be awkward because until that point, I was damn cordial with her. I could not bring myself to care about what others looking at us were seeing. I just did not want to look at her. I could not stand her. I hated parts of her that hurted him. I could no longer have a cordial equation with her.

But the logical part of me is confused. Just because she was a bad girlfriend does not make her a pariah or a devil who deserves my wrath. At the end of the day, she is her own person, who did her own thing, made her mistakes, and had her story. And me refusing to look at her, could be conveying a harsh signal to her that is unwarranted and cruel. I wonder if my actions are   rude and hurtful towards the other person, Xx. I talked to my boyfriend about this and he said of course you don't want to talk to her at all, that is completely normal! Is it normal to not want to even look at your boyfriend's ex, even if you don't think of her as the worst person on planet earth? Or am I doing something that is harsh and I should actually consider being cordial and nice to her? 

Btw my bf's entire family is cordial with Xx and my bf acknowledges her in office when he absolutely has to. But I avoid looking at her, smiling at her and don't even say hi. I just don't want to. I want my space, I need time to reconcile with his past and the fact that she hurt him at one point and I cannot pull off being friendly with her until then. Is that too rude? What does it feel like if your ex's present gf refuses to look at your face?

Tldr; I don't want to look at my boyfriend's ex. Even if a logical part of me knows that she is just another human being with her own flaws, growth and story. I feel comfortable not acknowledging her presense actively until I can get over the fact that she hurt him. Is it okay or am I being hurtful?"|creativepuns|False|https://redd.it/ekqese|3|0.8|0|7|1|relationships
ekpfjo|2020-01-06 05:24:24|My best friend admits to having feeling for me for 7 years|"Background

I have been friends with a guy for around 9 years. We are both 16 and Juniors in High School. The relationship is very plutonic but people always think we are dating. I have always made jokes about us dating as we both agreed that we saw each other as friends and nothing more (he insisted that we make a pact to stay plutonic). A month ago he admitted to having feeling for me since the 5th grade (I guess he just forgot to mention it). I have decided to give the relationship a chance as I really like the person and I am starting to develop feelings but I have some concerns.

Concerns:

* He has a lot of feeling that I don't have. He is really emotionally ready for the relationship and I am not their yet. (we are not on the same page emotion wise). I can't compete with someone who has had feelings forme for 7 years.
* He treats me like I am perfect and a goddess to the point that it makes me uncomfortable and worried that I will never love him that much. It isn't upsetting because it is creepy but more so because it is such a change in our relationship; we used to nag each other all the time. He says things like:
   * I am so lucky to have you in my life. You make each day so much better.
   * I will make a joke about me being awesome and he will say I am perfect
   * Makes self deprecating jokes followed by why would someone like you like someone like me
* I am really busy. I don't have much time for life due to robotics and school. (FRC Gang)
* I have had bad relationship experience and tend to push others away (The only other person I have had any form of a romantic experience died before our first date). He doesn't have any experience because he has just been waiting on me.

&#x200B;

Pros:

* we get along super well. We have so many shared interests and a good relationship.
* We both have feelings for each other

&#x200B;

TL;DR!- My best friend has feelings for me and we are starting to date but I am concerned"|GlumAssociation8|False|https://redd.it/ekpfjo|4|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekqdhn|2020-01-06 06:55:30|Sigh...|"So I [F 20] received pretty crappy news last night. My boyfriend [M 22] of a year called me in the middle of the night crying. He said he didn’t want to tell me what he was about to say because he doesn’t want to lose me and that I’m the best girlfriend he’s had. He then proceeded to tell me he regrettably had an one on one livestream jack off session with an adult entertainer/streamer. He said it’s basically cheating and that it was just a spur of the moment thing he feels terrible about. I asked if he wasn’t satisfied sexually with me and he said our sex life is great but one night he just fucked up and did this. I’m fine with him watching porn (I do) but this is different and I don’t know how to handle it. He kept it from me for a while and what really hurt was that he had weeks to tell me but didn’t, and during those weeks we had sex. I feel used and disrespected. Or am overreacting? Do I give him a second chance? 

I’ve done everything for him. From driving him to apply to jobs and making a resume for him when he lost his job, to making him a mixtape for Christmas, to working around his schedule even though I work two jobs and go to school, to always being there for him emotionally. 

TL;DR boyfriend of a year said he cheated on me with adult entertainer via an online stream and I don’t know what to do. I love him and he said I’m the love of his life but my trust is gone."|Miaf8456|False|https://redd.it/ekqdhn|3|0.81|0|4|1|relationships
ekrjcu|2020-01-06 09:00:05|(m18) My girlfriend (f18) flirted with a guy who's been flirting with her for a while last night during one of our arguments. Is that cheating?|"There's a lot of opinions on this and  just want to hear reasonings behind everyone's opinions. 

My girlfriend of over a year, while we were in the middle of a fight, texted a co-worker of hers who had already tried flirting with her and proceeded to flirt with him through a good portion of the night and today. Tonight, she told me that she had done so and that it was only because we don't flirt very much anymore and she liked the attention. She swore up and down that she has no feelings for him and only likes the attention which I trust, but she is asking to be able to keep doing it. 

I think this is cheating. We've always said cheating is a breaking point for the relationship, never said that flirting is okay, and although she was upfront about it, she still flirted with a guy who she knows has feelings for her. Yeah we were fighting but the reason she gave for not thinking I could provide the same kind of attention was we were in a fight, one that she started. 

She says that this attention is a window for her to vent and bring positivity back into the relationship and that with it she thinks we'll be able to go back to the good times. 

Am I fucking clown for not breaking up with her right on the spot?

Tl:dr - girlfriend flirted with other guy who has feelings for her and wants to continue doing so. Is that cheating and am I stupid for allowing her to do so?"|zekromslayer|False|https://redd.it/ekrjcu|2|1.0|0|15|1|relationships
ekq9j2|2020-01-06 06:44:36|He [25 M] never makes me [25 F] feel truly wanted or appreciated. Not sure if I am possibly being insecure or if this is a legit problem I should walk away from?|"We’ve been together about 6 months and have been exclusive for about 3-4 months. He’s by no means a player sort of guy, in fact he is quite reserved and I don’t have any concerns about him ever cheating on me - I don’t think he’d have the confidence to do that even if he wanted to. However, he still hasn’t asked me to actually be his girlfriend and I’m just getting tired of feeling like he doesn’t see me as worth making that commitment to.

He’s very inhibited, and from things he’s told me (which he says he’s talked to no one else about) I think he has some issues with anxiety and depression. He works a lot and during a typical week I’m lucky if I see him once. I’m quite an independent person with my own busy work and social life, so this hasn’t worried me too much (it’s been quite convenient a lot of the time if anything) but unlike him I’m quite extroverted and energetic which means I’m openly happy and excited when I see him, message him, etc. Unfortunately I never get any of this same energy back, and honestly I don’t think it’s too much to ask for a guy you’ve been exclusively with for 6 months to crack a bit of a smile when at least when you walk into the room?

This leads to my other issue that he never gives me compliments. I’m not asking to be told anything OTT like “I’m the luckiest man in the world” or anything like that, but just the odd passing comment like “you look nice today” or “that cake you made was really nice” would make a world of difference in making me feel like he actually... appreciated having me in his life?! This is especially true given he constantly “roasts” me for being clumsy and things like that. It feels like he’s always critiquing me and picking at my faults, yet never balancing that out by saying anything nice/complimentary to me.

Don’t get me wrong, there are some positive things he’s done for our relationship. He’s told his family and friends about me and introduced me to some of them, he shows an interest in my friends and family and makes the effort to spend time with them, he bought me a very thoughtful Christmas present, he’s mopped up my tears a couple of times. But he just never seems ENTHUSIASTIC or excited or like he’s truly pleased to have me in his life. 

When we’re apart his communication is pretty dismal as well. I’ve never had a goodnight or good morning text, and although his messages are usually long they are once again pretty devoid of any real emotion - I don’t think he’s ever even sent me a wink face! I got tired a long time ago of trying to be the instigator, so have given up and mostly just Snapchat or call him now.

He’s a great guy with a lot of attributes I really admire, but I just so often feel so unappreciated and taken for granted. He’s a nice person but very pessimistic, and I can’t imagine him ever saying “I love you” or “I’m proud of you” - not just to me but to anyone, as he’s too inhibited. Am I just being insecure and expecting too much though? Please be honest with me - looking for advice on where to go from here!

Tl;dr: been about 6 months and he still hasn’t asked me to be his girlfriend. Seems devoid of emotion most of the time (with everyone not just me) and I’m not sure what to make of it or where to go from here."|kalemuncher1245|False|https://redd.it/ekq9j2|3|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ektnfe|2020-01-06 12:41:19|Getting out of friendzone 39f|"Friendzone and ghosting are terms I have encountered so often in the past few years. Had a friend, turned into a crush, who came out of the closet, got crushed by friendzone and then ghosted because my thick skull just refused to get the message.

Now, the same story line repeats itself, different names. I'm so sick of it. Why do I keep getting myself hung up over these people who clearly has subzero interest? Why do I keep lighting up with a simple text message when it's evident there's nothing there. The feeling is not mutual
And how the fudge do I get over these people and just detach? . I don't want to be in friendzone or ghosted. Screw that. How to press the delete button and move on. I'm too old for this. 

The people I'm into are either gay, married or just not interested.. What's wrong with me

Tl;Dr: just stop mooning over  crushes and detach..."|nextocat|False|https://redd.it/ektnfe|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ekwb5b|2020-01-06 16:23:59|[M19] I fell in love with a prostitute and I think she likes me too but...|"A week ago I visited a room rental in which you can also spend some time with a girl. So I am not talking about a  
brothel, wont matter anyways. I had great sex with a beautiful girl, she is definately a 10/10 but it was just sex and our faces came very close but no kissing included. We also talked a bit and she asked me if I had a girlfriend, which is obbviously not the case. After I left I had a very special feeling and knew I had to see her again. So today i went to the ""room rental"" again and asked for her. She finally entered the room seemed pretty happy to see me again. I told her I want to talk first before Sex and she agreed. We were laying on the bed and she said I seem to be so nervous and should calm down. She told me to touch her although i didnt pay for that but I said i just want to hold her in my arm. At that point I am almost 100% sure she realized im not the usual client. She said normally germans arent so nice and sweet like you ( she is italian). After that I was holding her close she had her ears at my breast and said your heart is poking so fast, calm down. She began talking about her drivers licence and it was too adorable I knew I fell in love with her. After 10minutes she said: only 20 minutes left, what do you want to do now? I said I just want to continue holding her and talking. And as I write this I am crying. She looked at me and said wow you are so cute and started petting my arms, brest and legs. That made me very sad as she said this and I told her how beautiful she is. After we talked 20 more minutes I asked her if she wants to meet me privately and have a coffee. She said she isnt allowed to meet customers privately or she looses the job( she needs the job pretty bad she mentioned) and said I should bring coffee next time. So I said, if we would have met somewhere else and if she had a different job, would you meet me? and she just said yes in a pretty sad way and turned around to set up the bed. Before we said goodbye she opened her arms and said: time for a last cuddle, we hugged and then she gave me a kiss on my cheek. She also asked when I will visit her again and that I should call the house lady and ask for her to make a appointment with her.

most of you are going to tell me that she just did all of this to maintain me as a customer but it was real. She is a 10/10 and could get new customers IMMEDIATELY. Im pretty sure she likes me too but obviously not so much that she would risk her job. my plan now is to give her my number and tell her to call me in case she ever quits the job or if she just wants to risk it and drink a coffee with me.

Oh and I finally realized prostitutes are only humans with normal feelings. I dont care what she does when Im not with her, she has a beautiful soul.

&#x200B;

 \---  \*\*TL;DR;\*\* : I fell in love with a prostitue and she said I was cute and  if she had a different job she would meet me. I dont know what to do now."|chrisb-|False|https://redd.it/ekwb5b|0|0.4|0|22|1|relationships
eknmfj|2020-01-06 02:51:01|My bf [25] cancels plans on me [25F] every week or every other week to either be alone or hangout with his friends.|"

We have been dating 7 months and though he has a personality that I adore, my bf seems to bail on me a lot

Background: we hangout regularly most the time but over the past few months he’s been lazy with going on dates. When we do hangout it’s at the same diner we always go to for a lunch or it’s at his house watching Netflix. Though I’m happy to do whatever to spend time with him I’ve brought up that we never do things I like to do anymore. No more hikes or night time dinner dates and I’ve brought up multiple times that I miss doing stuff together like a couple but nothing has changed.

Outside of this he also cancels on me an hour before hand if we do have plans to do something to go hangout with his friends. This week I saw him for a few hours on Tuesday and we went on a quick run on Thursday. He told me Friday we would spend Sunday doing something I wanted (hiking or taking his dog to the park) . All weekend he went out with his friends who are also his coworkers and got drunk. Sunday rolls around and he says he probably isn’t up to hanging out because of his hangover ( he uses this excuse a lot) and then 30 min later makes plans to see the same friends again for brunch. I of course got mad and then he said well I can see you after . Problems is I know him and he would never leave his friends to hangout with me and was most likely just pushing off bailing on me again. So I sent a text to break things off.

This kind of thing happens regularly and I’ll get upset, express how it hurts me and he’ll usually apologize in a day and tell me things will change. But it doesn’t seem like they ever do. I feel bad Because he does spend some time with me, it’s not like he never hangouts with me , and spends a ton of time talking to me on the phone on days we don’t hangout.

I guess I’m wondering if maybe this isn’t that big of a deal? Or if we just have different expectations of a relationship? Does he think if he talks to me on the phone a lot all that that’s enough? I’m just confused here because I know he likes me but does stuff like this frequently and I adore him. Did I do the right thing by ending things?

TL;DR boyfriend cancels plans on me frequently to go out with his coworkers and get drunk or be alone . He spends a lot of time with me on the phone and still hangs out with me about 1-2x a week but bails on me every week or every other week when we’ve made plans to do something I want. I broke up with him today because he did it again-did I make a bad decision?"|whale_wars_|False|https://redd.it/eknmfj|4|0.73|0|10|1|relationships
ekoao2|2020-01-06 03:45:12|Why does everyone I meet “not want a relationship rn”|"

Tl;dr: He [21]asked me [23] out several times for two months and finally after seeing each other for a bit he says he doesn’t want to commit to anyone rn and just wants to have fun. Then why bother for two whole months?

Recently I was seeing this guy [21] who made the first move and also persisted for two months, asking me out multiple times but I was too busy with work. After I started seeing him for a while he said he thought this was different and how we “vibe” but didn’t want a relationship and we weren’t exclusive or anything. I just think this happens to me way too often though. Id rather make a more meaningful connection with someone and I just end up feeling vulnerable at the end of all this. Anyone else been through this before?"|seamonsterlovescat|False|https://redd.it/ekoao2|3|0.8|0|12|1|relationships
ektiup|2020-01-06 12:28:49|Found out about my wife's ex which included many guys and it's appalling and mind boggling|"Wife's birthday is coming up so I wanted to surprise her with a few photos of ours. Just while scrolling through the laptop I found few naked photos with her ex which she told that was just a crush. I was absolutely shocked so I decided to dig in a bit and found that they were full on dating for more than 3 years. The problem is I clearly don't understand what is the need to lie about it. I have told my wife about my past relationships and it was completely fine with her. But she has not told me anything about this or anything else. Why would she not say something so serious ? Also it makes me doubt her honesty from now on. I really don't know what to do and it's just horrific to come to a decision. Really need some thoughts guys. There has also been some silly instances where she has kept stuff from me and I have found out later on about it. Those were obviously not in such magnitude but I am doubting to believe the things she says and the feelings she might have for me. It's appalling to hide stuff from partners for no reason.

TL;DR Found out wife's ex relationships which she had for a long time for god knows why which makes me doubt everything she says now."|ninjaturtle7778|False|https://redd.it/ektiup|1|0.56|0|22|1|relationships
ektinn|2020-01-06 12:28:17|Does my crush like me (15f)? If not, how can I get him to like me?|"I’m a sophomore in high school, and there’s a boy I suddenly have a great crush on. He caught my eye a long time ago, when I would see him in class, and when he was playing volleyball in a teachers vs students game. 

We have the same APUSH teacher, but we are in different blocks. Recently, our two classes engaged in a “Civil War,” in which we have to ask a person from the other period questions about the Civil War. 

He and his friend were the only ones who challenged me, and the only ones I challenged. When we first challenged each other, I noticed he was staring intently in my eyes, or possibly at my lips. In our following challenges, I noticed how smiley he got. There was one specific challenge where he smirked while looking in my eyes. But that could be because he believed that he stumped me on a question. Also, whenever he would see me after school, he would greet me loudly and enthusiastically and proclaim that he challenged me. He also asked me to be on his team for the next war we do, which I accepted. Not only that, but he was always smiling intensely when talking to me. He is a gregarious person as well, he and his friend accumulated the most points for their class (Their class got 3,540 points compared to our 280!!!!).

Is it possible that he likes me too?

Also, how can I effectively communicate my feelings for him without being too over the top?

Tl;dr Boy I like constantly smiling at me and greeting me enthusiastically, but I don’t know if he likes me or not. I want to inadvertently let him know that I like him, and am seeking advice as to how to do so."|hellloooin|False|https://redd.it/ektinn|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekti66|2020-01-06 12:26:55|Advice on reading somewhat mixed signals and what action I should take|"I have been very into a girl for the past 3 and a half years or so, Both in our late 20's.

&#x200B;

About two years ago I approached her as wanting to be more than friends. She turned me down. Fair enough, if shes not into me shes not into me, cant do much to change that.

&#x200B;

Thought id moved on, about 5 months ago I realized I had not, I'm not gonna pour my heart out about how I feel about her because otherwise this will be a very long post. However since november-ish things have been slightly different between us. Me and her have never been overly physical, we have hugged but that's about it. But since novermber-ish we have been much more physical with each other, a few times she has rested her head on my shoulder with my arm around her, we have held hands (interlocked fingers) a few times, I have slept in her bed with her a couple of times (literally just sleeping - nothing happened) and she kissed me on new years at midnight. On top of this we have been messaging and speaking nearly every day, far more than we ever used to. I apologize for any 'playground' type descriptions of things.

&#x200B;

So as I said, my signal reading skills are non existent, but even I can tell things like that do indicate she may be interested. Fantastic right? Well I am super hesitant, almost all of this involved alcohol, secondly she did reject me before (I hate the term 'rejected' but cant think of anything else at the moment) and about a week before new years she told me 'she dosnt date friends' the comment wasnt directed at me, she was talking about an old coworker from where she used to live pestering her and that he didnt get it.

&#x200B;

I mean i'm lost, I dont know what to do from here. These things might mean nothing at all. Should I just talk to her straight up and ask what is going on? its actually driving me crazy.

&#x200B;

Anyway, thanks for reading.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Was into a girl, got turned down, sucked but no biggie. 2 years later turns out still into her, seem to be getting some signals that she may be interested. No idea how to proceed considering our history and some other info."|Honest-Sun|False|https://redd.it/ekti66|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ekacuv|2020-01-05 08:25:02|My friend [25M] will not stop pressuring me [25M] to date him.|"I've been friends with this guy since we graduated high school. At first it was simply a coincidence that we were both gay. 

We spend a lot of time together. Almost everyday. If I'm being honest, at first, we had a lot of fun hanging out as far as making cool plans went - but now we're both so burnt out from work all the time that we don't do much at all but sit around and comfortably enjoy the camaraderie of just having someone else in the room - which is fine.

In all of our lazy get togethers, however, he has confessed his intimate and romantic feelings for me and is always trying to put the moves on. 

I don't mind allowing his small advances (trying to cuddle, kiss me on the cheek, etc.) but I've been very firm in telling him I don't feel the same way about him and I have no interest in sleeping with him, dating him, or just dating anyone in general.

He can't accept this and incessantly guilt trips me. Asking me why he's not good enough, telling me he will never find love, and often times when we're apart very childishly texting me things like ""I'm so tired of being alone. Gonna cry myself to sleep."" 

Yet in truth, that sort of childishness is exactly why I would never be attracted to him. He likes to wear one-sies and watch Disney princess movies. Also not my type in that he's very femme. Sexless, and by that I mean just neutered and nondescript - so simple looking that it's like he has no features at all. I love him and adore him as a friend but...I mean, he looks like an adult baby. No. I'm attracted to men and he is too emasculated, if that makes sense?

I would never tell him this obviously because it's frivolous, shallow, flat out rude and has nothing to do with our friendship - but it's exactly why I could never be with him. I just tell him I don't feel the same way, but that leaves the door open in his fantasy that he can ""win me over"" and he is deadset on doing so. No matter how many times I say no, we will have the same strung out conversation again the next week about how ""he's gonna make me his"" or whatever. I feel like I'm just being harassed at this point but I don't want to drop him as a friend.

Does anyone know how I can put an end to this *without* having to be brutally honest? Is there a way to do it that might be honest *enough* but soften the blow as to where I could still preserve our friendship but not crush him?

TL;DR! - I am completely unattracted to my friend, he insists on me dating him, don't know how to tell him it could never be."|bigjuicymelons|False|https://redd.it/ekacuv|170|0.87|0|57|1|relationships
ekmofb|2020-01-06 01:37:14|Me(30 Male)8 months into relationship with GF(25 F) what to text about?|"So we are gonna be LDR for a while, while we try to bring our lives together. She’s a proper friend of mine, nobody in my life before have I opened up to, been as expressive and felt as myself with before. But my problem is I’m a vibe and energy person. I’m not the type to go on a tangent about my day. She’s not either really, we kinda talk about things, emotions etc. but since week before Xmas we have been in our own countries. Was fine over Christmas, had enough nights out and random stuff going on so for the two weeks was fine sharing going here went there blah but now things settling down. January is a bit of a dead month as well. I dunno, I’m just not much of a random talker, love chatting, but my thoughts are quite conventional and linear. In person it’s different because we’ll be doing something or whatever and that will spawn convo but with text feels very restrictive.

Today for instance
Got up late, we had s bit of a chat, she messaged me while in middle of a walk, we had a bit of chat but just left me feeling cold, I’m not happy if we don’t have a funny feel good interaction. I mean her just messaging makes me feel good but I feel an obligation to entertain her.
Since we spoke I watched a documentary on 2022 World Cup in Qatar, listened to a Ricky Gevais Podcast while walking dog, watched some football, binged You, went to shops and read something. Just kinda boring. All the activities were passive rather than active.

Td/lr What to chat about with girlfriend?"|Freelovehighway|False|https://redd.it/ekmofb|7|0.75|0|4|1|relationships
ekov9v|2020-01-06 04:34:34|My bf (M21) dumped me (F21) then changed his mind?|"I’m in a really confusing place and need advice. My bf and I have been dating for almost 2 years we definitely have had our ups and downs but we always managed to make up at the end of the day. One day we had a huge fight and I had just had a weird gut feeling that something wasn’t right. I reached out first to talk (usually I have to initiate it even if I think he is at fault) he came over and broke up with me. I was completely shattered and asked him to leave locked myself in my room and balled my eyes out. I deleted his number and tried to carry on with my busy work and class schedule the next day. Mid day the next day he asked to come over and talk to me(obviously I figured the random number was his). I declined and told him to stop contacting me because it was making it worse. Later that night he showed up at my house with chocolate and a long ass apology letter that he wrote the night before realizing how much he messed up. We got back together and everything has been fine. Except the fact that we are second semester seniors in college from 2 different states. Many times in the relationship I ask about the future and I can’t get an answer. We’re on winter break now and I have this same weird gut feeling and out of the 5 weeks I’ve been home (away from him) all I’ve gotten was snapchats a merry Christmas and happy new year text and a 1 FaceTime that I had to ask for. Do you think this break up was meant to be and he got cold feet? I like him a lot but I’m so anxious it’s going to happen again 


TL;DR- bf broke up with me for a day then got back together and I haven’t been getting much from him as I used to was this a mistake?"|yikeskat|False|https://redd.it/ekov9v|4|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekvucm|2020-01-06 15:49:10|My (48M) SO (46F) is very friendly and flirty.|"Just as the title reads.  We have been together 2+ years and we live in different cities so we don't see each other very often.  She is tall, blonde and fit.  Needless to say she turns heads when we are out.  I have gotten use to guys gawking at her or staring at her boobs.  There have been a few incidents that either worry me or to a lesser extent bother me a bit.  Before that, I trust her 1000% and know she will handle most situations on her own.  My worry is her getting into compromising situation or having an admirer/stalker.

Situation 1 - she lives alone.  She has had 2 situations while doing yard work.  One guy stopped his car and helped her as he saw she was struggling with lawn mower.  He proceeded to ask her out and she had to say no several times before retreating to her house, feeling a little unsafe.  Now I don't know what was said but I know she gives off a friendly flirty vibe.  The second one was similar as a neighborhood landscaper approached her in her yard and asked her out for a drink.  He then proceeded to watch her from his work truck.  She felt uneasy so she went inside.  Again, I don't know what was said beforehand but it seems weird for a guy to just walk up and ask a strange woman to go out.  My guess is she was being friendly which the guy misinterpreted.

Situation 2 - We were at a charity event.  She got to our assigned table before me and was talking to an older man.  He was talking her ear off.  I tried to interject but the way we were seated it was hard to have a 3-person conversation. I felt a bit ignored. We all stepped away for to get in the buffet line and when returning we re-arranged seats.  She sat away from him.  As we left she told me he asked her to go on an international business trip with him.  That weirded her out.

Situation 3 - this is minor but we were at a restaurant and seated in the bar area.  It was just us 2 at a high top table in bar area and a guy at the bar.  As we are being seated, my SO taps some light up decor piece and acts surprised when it lights up.  I had no clue what was going on as I was getting settled.  Then the guy at the bar starts commenting and him and my SO chit chat about it for about a minute.  We sit down and her back is to him and I am facing him.  I kept noticing him looking back as if to prompt her to engage in more conversation.    This happened several times during our meal.

Should I talk to her about being over-friendly and how guys can misinterpret it as her having interest in them?  I worry about her living alone and someone not taking no for an answer or someone stalking her.

tl,dr - SO has gotten into some compromising or borderline unsafe situations because of her looks and friendliness."|smallfry71|False|https://redd.it/ekvucm|0|0.47|0|23|1|relationships
ekt69k|2020-01-06 11:55:29|Should I feel guilty? (m 26) (f25)|"I met this girl via a Facebook page related to our Uni. We started dating and we got together and our plans were to move back in our home country. We are in this relationship for three and a half years now. Everything went smoothly but the need for more sex grew and grew but did not bothered me THAT much. (pin this sentence).

At my previous workplace I liked this girl, but did not consider much of it as i labelled as another crush. I had to resign (because of the shitty place that was) and this girl that I liked and it was on my mindset (plus shitty jokes of mine) got really sad, at the point of almost crying, fact that raised questions inside my ape brain.

 \*\*TL;DR;\*\* : Please continue to read.

At my leaving party I got smashed drunk and let me tell you, drunk me is not good with thought filters. One thing led to another and I told her that I like her and she responded with the same answer. We continue to talk after me leaving that workplace and found out that her sex drive is amazing (did not have sex with her).

In the meantime everything went well with my gf but the need for money (for our future) started to build up from her towards me, taking in consideration that i just finished Uni, working in hospitality (shit wages) and making gifts for christmas, easter, her bday, going in her hometown for holidays.

In August last year (2019) she went in our home country and while on phone she pressured me more about money. Upon on return I told her that I do not want to move back to our native country and I do not feel my self sometime (which is true, at least the second part) and i destroyed her world. She does not see me with the same eyes and that she lived a lie with me. Between August from her return until October when she told me she wants to split up i was sometimes rude with her (because I knew about the backup girl). After she told me that I had a shock (because i wouldn't expect to split (i still care about/love her) and from that point I was MEGA SWEET with her, and I made her confused in the way that ""HOW CAN I BROKE UP WITH HIM IF HE'S NICE"" and she had breakdown because she does not love me the same but she cares about me and not enough to still be with me and regain the lost feelings.

Cutting the story, we decided to move separately in December 2019 but a last split decision we moved together. Now we will definitely move separately in March 2020.

For some odd reason i feel guilty and I don't know why? I'm seeking some advice and feel free to ask question (i might miss some details on the way)"|cristiantoc27|False|https://redd.it/ekt69k|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekt2uo|2020-01-06 11:45:58|is it harder to get over someone you were friends with prior to dating, rather than someone you didnt know?|"First time I (27F) slept with a friend (27M) and now he's ghosted me. I've never actually hooked up with or dated a friend before. I've always clicked with someone new and a relationship has developed from there. 

That is until a few months ago, when this friend reaches out to me. I'd always had a thing for him, we go way back to primary school. Anyway, we talk for a while, get close, sleep together and then he eventually ghosts me.

Now I can't get the stupid guy out of my head. Normally, in this case I would just delete him from my life but I know I would only regret it, so that's not an option.

I keep asking myself, why is it taking me so long to get past this guy? Does it usually hurt more when you were friends first?

TL;DR- is it harder to get over someone you were friends with prior to dating, rather than someone you didnt know?"|BondiBee|False|https://redd.it/ekt2uo|1|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ekgw0b|2020-01-05 18:31:09|My (F25) relationship with my bf (M31) is void of cuddles|"We've been together for a year and a half. I believe that it's been like this since the beginning, but in the beginning at least I didn't feel I missed cuddling as much as as I do now. 

We had a lot of discussions about this and he confessed to me that he does not like cuddling. He finds it a waste of time and also he feels that cuddling is a fake show of affection. He said something along the lines ""When you come to cuddle me, or start being sweet, I feel like you do it just to receive it from me as well. I don't feel you are truthfully doing it."" So, basically he feels that I start cuddling him to only receive cuddles as well. 

The other thing I am concerned and insecure about is that he also sometimes brings my past into those discussions. Long story short, I was a victim of neglect and verbal/emotional abuse. I know I may want affection and love more than the normal person, but I feel that it's not fair when he brings this up. This makes me feel like he is using those excuses for his own behaviour. 

We also had a few big fights because of this. He said that  I should stop ""asking"" for cuddles because he feels forced to ""give them to me"" and that I should leave him to his own devices, so that he will cuddles when he feels the need. Guess when he feels the need? Never. 

One time he literally put a timer of 15 minutes to cuddle me but not waste too much time doing it. It was pretty much a joke but I won't lie by saying it didn't hurt me a bit. 

I talked about this issue with a trusted friend that also knows him very well. When I told her that he does not like cuddling, she stopped on her way while we were taking a walk and was very surprised. She said that from the outside he seems a very sweet guy that likes cuddling and having sweet moments. That's what I also saw in the beginning of knowing him. 

I think I am mostly sad at the lack of physical contact. You know when you're washing dishes and the guy comes from behind to hug or when you walk around the house and he touches your butt. This does not happen with us. 

He also pretty much doesn't like cuddles after sex. I put my head on his chest for a few minutes sometimes and that's it. 

I guess I am writing here to ask for advice about this situation. Our discussions are fruitless. 

I also started seeing a therapist to talk about my issues from the past. (And present lol)

TLDR; My bf does not like cuddling. He finds it a waste of time and a fake show of affection. This hurts me because I feel less intimate with him."|lovelessgirl69|False|https://redd.it/ekgw0b|23|0.82|0|21|1|relationships
ekqq50|2020-01-06 07:31:48|I[19F] can't eat or sleep after a breakup, crying every nigh over him[24M]|"Sorry for my English, I'm not a native speaker.

So, it may sound too dramatic, considering the fact that me and my boyfriend have been together only for 5 months, but I've never had a serious relationship before him, even if I'd been together with other guy for 1.5 year before I met my current ex boyfriend, so for me this breakup(3 weeks ago) turned out to be extremely painful. He shared with me his future plans, promising we will move out together after I graduate and telling me that he should meet my father(I live with him, my mom died). He gave me so much hope, for once in my life I felt love and affection from somebody, but then it all suddenly disappeared. He simply told me that he doesn't feel anything anymore even if he always made it clear that he is 100% serious about me and he loves me deeply.

He told me that he hopes I will forgive him and I did, but I can't stop thinking of him, missing him and hoping that he will come back although he blocked me on every social media, including my phone number. Now I'm not able to enjoy a healthy life, I can't focus on my education or anything else, my dad keeps talking about my ex and I can't bring myself to tell him that we broke up, so I won't cry againg every time somebody mentions him.

P.S. - He assured me that I didn't do anything wrong, but I feel guilty even though I know I didn't give him a reason to break up with me. And the reason to feel guilty is that he had long-term relationship before meeting me with the girl who cheated on him and they'd been together for 5 years AND he was ready to forgive her, he didn't want her to break up with him even when she told him she DOESN'T love him at all and never did.

TL;DR: Breaking up with the guy who was serious about me lead me to not being able to sleep or eat properly, always thinking about him and crying. He had plans on our shared future, but suddenly after 5 months of being together he simply told me that he doesn't feel anything anymore. 3 weeks ago we broke up and I can't let him go."|inxiepinx|False|https://redd.it/ekqq50|3|1.0|0|10|1|relationships
ekoa0q|2020-01-06 03:43:48|Struggles of feeling like I can't be loved|" I (22F) was in love with someone (23M) for almost 2 years about a year ago. He was a constant presence and made me feel interesting and missed me when I was away. They were like a motivation for me and I looked forward to speaking with them everyday. We were best friends, but they never loved me back. We eventually ended up intimate physically and it gave me hope that we could be together but they still were not willing to be in a relationship with me. After it became too painful and we had too many fights I let him go. Not longer after I got my heart broken, he got a girlfriend. He later told me how in love with her he was. She left him after a few months and he got another girlfriend sometime after that. It's been almost a year since I decided to move on. I've kept in contact but I've reached a point where I can remove him from my heart, but I can't help constantly think about it. He had girlfriends before me and girlfriends after me. But for so long while I wanted him and asked him to date me, how come I was the only one who wasn't good enough to date? I've never been in a committed relationship before. I already know that I shouldn't try to get into his head or understand why he acted the way he did, I should rely on myself for my own happiness, but it is so disheartening and destructive on my self esteem. I have a good amount of casual sex, go on dates occasionally, and meet guys I like, but I haven't been able to get a deeper relationship out of them. I can't help but shake the feeling that people want me for sex or some fun or to hang out and joke with but that in the end I'm unlovable, that no one is willing to build that emotional attachment with me, that when someone really gets to know me I'm just not interesting enough.  
In all honesty, what I truly want and what I've been working on more than anything is living for myself, being happy without relying on others, to not want to find love to fix my problems. A lot of times I think that I can do that, and I enjoy having casual meetings with men, but every once in a while these feelings and thoughts will crawl back to haunt me. The craving of that emotional intimacy, and the feeling that no one I want will commit to me. The humility and shame from the desperation I felt for my past love come back to me sometimes too. I have a lot of pride and come off as pretty confident, and I'm proud of that, but in reality I feel like I have no self confidence sometimes. Why was it just me?? I just feel like something is wrong with me. I feel attractive but not attractive ENOUGH and I don't feel smart ENOUGH or interesting ENOUGH or deep ENOUGH and it doesn't feel fair.   


TL;DR my good friend who was also sexually attracted to me didn't want to be my boyfriend but had plenty of girlfriends before and after me and it messed up my self esteem."|agitunax|False|https://redd.it/ekoa0q|2|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
eksqsg|2020-01-06 11:11:16|Me (F22) and Mom (F55). How do I bring up my concerns about her behaviour? She is acting very strange but has a stubborn personality.|"I recently moved back home to live with my mom and dad. My dad is a recovering alcoholic and has been doing well recently. 

My mom is currently on a strict keto/intermittent fasting diet. She eats 1 meal a day. Why this is relevant, is because Im concerned if its affecting her behaviour. She's lost about 40 pounds, which is great, but there are side affects.

She acts very wistful, almost ditsy. She speaks in either a very soft voice or a very strict one. My mom often forgets things, like if we bought eggs, or how traffic works which is very scary. She almost hit a van when I was driving with her the other day.

We have a lot of dogs as well, and she often yells at them for their behaviour. Ive encouraged her to rehome some of them to reduce her stress, but she always shrugs me off saying ""Its fine"" or ""I love them, I could never do that"" but, its not okay to yell at animals all day. Its stressful for them.

She often yells or pushes around my dad. Now, Im not a fan of my dad, and hes not a fan of me. But, I recognize the progress hes made in his recovery and hes becoming a better person. We are polite with each other. However, he is unemployed at the moment. Ive noticed my mom  bullies him a lot - berating him, forcing him to do random tasks, insulting him. 

My mom does have a history of being abusive. She hit my dad 4 times during an argument, she's slapped me, hit me with a fly swatter, made me eat soap, threw her purse at me. 

I suppose what Im asking is, if anyone has experienced something similar? I want to help her gain more control over her emotions. Its taking a toll on my dad, the dogs, and me. Everytime I've tried to offer her advice she ignores me. I assume its because she thinks shes simply 'better' than me, as Ive had my own problems over the years. But, her forgetfulness and tired/ditsy behaviour is very concerning. Is there a good strategy I can take to talk to her about my concerns?

TL;DR Mom is acting strange and abusive, but is very stubborn. How to talk to her without setting her off?"|doggotech|False|https://redd.it/eksqsg|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekn7lr|2020-01-06 02:18:56|Need advice on apologizing at work 3 months late.|"Here's the backstory - I (39/F) was disrespectful in the workplace about 3 months ago to someone high up in the company (41/M) during a moment of weakness and I feel like a jerk. I had planned to apologize twice since but its impossible to get time with this person due to their importance, and I have also chickened out. I have noticed they are no longer nice to me because of this situation, and I feel remorseful too as they deserved better and it was not truly representative of who I am or how I felt. I need to apologize, but I'm feeling even worse because I'm so late to apologize. My stomach is turning at the thought but I know I have to. Advice on how to handle this and be extremely sincere/show my remorse, and how to address being so late? Should I start by asking if they remember the incident? And dont say not to do it please - I think I'll have to quit if I dont.

Tl;dr: talked back at work and need advice on how to apologize gracefully 3 months late to a superior."|PorkLeon|False|https://redd.it/ekn7lr|3|0.7|0|9|1|relationships
ekus9m|2020-01-06 14:25:09|The world wants me to be single I think.|"So here I am mid 20s and I met a fantastic guy. ( I am bisexual and have had roughly 6 relationships that never lasted longer than 6 months for various circumstances most being dishonesty.) Well this guy and I went on a few dates, not even 2 weeks later they get a job offer to live on the coast and I live in the midwest. I know I didnt know them long enough to justify moving.

I had a talk with him and discovered in a previous relationship they declined a job offer they always wanted. So I realize they had to do this. It was a decent job offer so I can not blame them.

Now I'm in a conflict as it was such a natural attraction to one another. Now hes gone to the east coast and I am here wondering what to do. After taking this long to find a decent person who I feel would have been good for me is gone. We do still talk but I doubt it will work out unless my situation were to change drastically.

Tldr: never been in a long term relationship due to things outside my control. Now someone who I somehow got very attached to in a short while leaves for a new job far away. I think the world wants me to be single what do I do?"|daveb656|False|https://redd.it/ekus9m|0|0.25|0|7|1|relationships
eksft6|2020-01-06 10:39:21|How to get over a break up|"Hey Reddit,

Great start to the year!

I (F22) just broke up with my boyfriend (24) of a year and I’m not really sure how to cope.

I’m not sure if it’s him that I’ll miss more or his family. I was very close with them as they were so open and easy to get along with. 

And he was a dream, the sweetest person but it just wouldn’t work due to his mental health and needing to work on himself.

Currently my mum has cancer so I’ve been using him as an escape from home so that I don’t have to watch her detoriate every day. And now I don’t have that I feel like I don’t know what else to do.

I also will miss him being there for me even if I just wanted to tell him a stupid story.

I know I’m not the first one to go through a break up but I’m not sure where to start on getting better and not contacting him that I want it to work.

(We’ve been through this break up a few times before and this time it’s so much more real)

Any advice is welcomed

Tl;dr broke up with boyfriend of a year, how do I be ok without his constant support"|lackscreativity97|False|https://redd.it/eksft6|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ekntx6|2020-01-06 03:07:41|My (22M) last 3 girlfriends have cheated on, how can I learn to trust again? I need hope for the future.|"As crazy as it sounds, my last 3 relationships have ended with my girlfriends cheating on me, this last time hurt the most because we both agreed we were “soulmates” and we planned on getting married and having a family someday. I don’t even feel pain anymore, I just feel numb. I’ve always been a hopeless romantic, I’ve always wanted to find that one person for me who I could give all my love to till my last breathe, and I know I’m still young, but after this relationship, I don’t feel like I’ll ever find it. We were so perfect together, we hardly ever fought, we got along so well, it was hard to believe it was ever really real. But now, I find it hard to trust anyone, I hate going out and seeing other couples being happy because I feel like I’ll never find that. She changed my view on love and I’m not so sure soulmates are real, or that I’ll ever really find “the one”. I honestly don’t feel like I’ll ever heal from this. I want to go to therapy and see someone about this, but in my field of work, it’s extremely hard and looked down upon to seek help from therapist, and it’s not a field I can just up and leave. I want to hear about other people’s experiences, and how you found love again. I really just need some hope for the future, because it just doesn’t seem worth it anymore.

TL;DR - Last 3 relationships have ended in infidelity, how can I trust again? Is there still hope?"|shmorgas|False|https://redd.it/ekntx6|4|0.62|0|16|1|relationships
ekm4lf|2020-01-06 00:54:56|How to console a grieving spouse|"How to console a grieving spouse?

My (23F) MIL just passed from cancer. She was first diagnosed with breast cancer 5 years ago. She had been cancer free for over 3 years but back in September scans revealed that the cancer had returned and spread rapidly. Ever since I started dating my husband (32m) she has treated me like family. She was more of a mother to me than my own in many ways. My husband and her were incredibly close he helped her survive an abusive relationship. I have no idea what I can do to comfort him. I have never experienced a loss of this magnitude. I don’t know what to say and what not to say, what to do what not to do. I am looking for advice as to how to help besides being there.

TL:DR MIL passed and I have no idea how to comfort my husband."|Saphira35|False|https://redd.it/ekm4lf|9|0.68|0|5|1|relationships
ekscmm|2020-01-06 10:29:41|Estranged sister (15F) under the same roof|"My (19M) sister (15F) never got along since we were kids. I remember back in those days we'd fight over really trifling matters such as who are the last piece of cake. As we grew up, we noticed it'd best for both of us to stay outta each other's way, so I basically ignored her the whole time, whether it be family vacations or at home.


Then high school came. I was forced to do shit I hated, like joining a club and bore responsibility when I wasn't supposed to, and getting scolded for multiple times by an unreasonable teacher. The experience turned me from an positive extrovert into a depressed, somewhat autistic introvert.


I started talking less to my family, always kept quiet during dinners or whatever we were doing together. Everyone noticed the difference but no one asked why, and I couldn't muster the courage to tell anyone.


Recently, just when I was about to go to college. My mum expressed her concern about me. For the first in so many years, she finally asked what was actually going on with me. Again, I told her part of the story but couldn't continue due to me crying. She hoped I could talk more to the family, especially my sister. What she didn't know was the time in high school has made me unable to have conversations with people, even just saying 'how you doin' ?' makes me real uncomfortable.


I tried talking to her, but we having absolutely nothing in common has made attempts unsuccessful. Hell, I'm not even sure if I actually want to make amends with her anymore. Sometimes I wish she'd take the initiative, but seems like she's lost hope in me already. I'm ready if she'd just start talking to me.

Tl;dr: want to make amends but too coward. Hoping my sister would take the lead."|milkteaforlive|False|https://redd.it/ekscmm|1|0.6|0|7|1|relationships
eks7zf|2020-01-06 10:15:27|Trust issues in my relationship|"I had a difficult time breaking it off with my ex but started a new relationship with my [F19] boyfriend [M18] and he found out about my off and in situation with my ex and was understandably deeply hurt. However he gave me a second chance and I’ve remained loyal since.  11 months into our relationship and his trust issues still remain and he trusts me very little. Today I had enough because he asked me to be honest and tell him if I’ve seen some cute guys at my work. Me being a cashier and seeing hundreds of people a day I thought it was only natural to see a few physically attractive guys. However he took it as me being unfaithful and that I check out guys with things he doesn’t have. He also claims he doesn’t see any attractive women at all. He pounded me with questions suggesting that I’m looking for another partner when I’m really not. I know I once did him wrong but he maintains the idea that I’m unfaithful and gives me a very hard time about social outings with friends or gaming with friends who he doesn’t like that much. I tried communicating with him on how badly it effects us. He tells me he doesn’t know how to stop with trust issues and he can get easily angry. He refuses therapy or to talk it out with someone he trusts. I’m not sure how to work this out with him. Am I a lost cause of a girlfriend for him? What could I do to make myself lore trustworthy?

TLDR: beginning of relationship had a mishap that would make him understandably not trust me for awhile. But after 11 months he never lightened up and it’s become very harsh for us."|Taegumii|False|https://redd.it/eks7zf|1|0.67|0|3|1|relationships
ekokv0|2020-01-06 04:09:44|"I(15|f) can't take my sister(19|f) anymore who treats my parents like slaves."|"I think I should start with some  background info but before that, I know I'm very young and have not much experience, that's why.. I'm asking you guys. I can't take this abuse no longer. Yes abuse. My sister is slowly draining my and my parents emotional stability.

My family lived in russia till the late 2000's, then we moved to germany! Live was hard as refugees but we had never had to starve or have any other hardship in our life. 

The first time got in contact with my sisteryls illness was this story of how my sister nearly popped out the eyes of a boy when she was about 6. That's the earliest example of her personality. Though my mother said, she was the sweetest girl, helping her and even carrying me around as a kid.. She had no idea how she could end up like that.

In her later childhood till her early teens (12-years old) she was absolutely normal, she liked to draw and went to do sports. But when puberty begann everything had changed, she became eratic, emotional and angry. At first my parents signed it off as, ""yeah puberty"". But she never got out of it and it got much much worse.

There were many incidents of her screaming,(like a cat or other animals) anytime to this day when she doesn't get anything she wants. Or being unnecessary aggressive, physically and emotionally abusive, ""actual bullying me till my self-system had the same strength of a dying worm*. I know people could see this again as a simple sister relationship. But she never showed love, compassion or and any form of the smallest affection. Neither did she to my parents. She once kicked my old father, who is seriously a sweetheart, simple but communistic immigrant who works overtime so his family could start new life, same with my mother, nothing. 

When she kicked my father, the ""toilet-incedent"" happend. She closed herself in the toilet and stayed there for hours, she screamed from inside like her vocal cords had just cut open. I was 10 or 9 at the time, she must have been around 13 or 14. It was about the day Pokémon go came out. My whole family, cousins etc, came to us to get this girl out, finally my father and an uncle simply opened the door with some mechanical stuff, later a social worker came by and talked with her the I have never saw him again.

For her account, she had quite the stressful life, as an immigrant she had to go at 7am every morning to a German class and got eventually into a really high school in Germany! (Gymnasium in Bavaria) This school is one of the most exhausting and challenging school there is and she's still in there, in its last year!

My parents praised her for it, maybe that's when the conflicting and horrible relationship between her and my mother begann. My mother was almost like a butler, bring her tea or snacks all the time, till today my sister can't cut her own nails because my mother still does for her, she screams like child and cries anytime, my mother said she doesn't want to do it anymore.. But.. 

""she  is my daughter"",

 Me :""you're not patenting, you're a butler, she needs/has to do it alone someday"" ,

 Mother :"" but she screams and screams at me when I won't"".

The one big factor, why I'm doing this, is my mother. She has taken a great toll for her daughter, yes, she is very high in education level, but my sister has already completly deformed her, I don't even know her, any time this girl screams, my mother turns into this crying, pychocatic trainwreck raging against me. I'm scared for her, I love my mother.

So we have this girl, screaming emotional unstable *but* she's good at school, she's the best of the class, has many German friends. From the outside she's a smart, actuall funny and calm. But the moment she's home, she gets her mood swings. My mother told me, after my sister had destroyed my plants (I love plants, it's a great hobby of mine) and I had a breakdown, that she thinks or it's clear for her, my sister has an form of mental illness or something like that. My mother thinks it's a form of autism that makes the person seem mentally younger and therfore so unmature.

From there on I got a clearer view of my sister, yes many of her actions and mindsets make sense know. But I don't think I can feel empathy for her, I feel nothing but hate and anger for her. She made the life of my family hell. She had an argument with my grandmother which also emotionally destabilized her greatly. And of course there's me, I wish I wouldn't have been her sister. 


So today, my sister has gotten a tumor on her leg, we still get the results if the clinic back if it's aggressive or not. This is when I began, like everyone in my family to show some sympathy for her, of course my parents her butlers, which us fine, the girl has maybe Sone damn cancer. 

After some weeks she again started to fall in depression and anger issues. She screamed again at anything so much the police came to us because the neighbors were worried. Now she yet again is traumatizing my mother, who has been sick at least 4 times a week and keeps lying about obvious symptoms. 

I love my mother, she shouldn't have such an child to care for.


*TL;RD*
Please help me what to do. I just want to get my parents and me out of that, already adult by the way, person's life. I can't just take it anymore, one day I will snap. My sister has emotional and psychological issues who greatly affect my life and those around me."|cigcizgzif|False|https://redd.it/ekokv0|2|0.86|0|1|1|relationships
ekpwh5|2020-01-06 06:09:27|"My (24F) boyfriend (25F) needs more ""alone"" time than me, and I'm having a hard time not taking it personally"|"TL;DR boyfriend needs more alone time than me, and I'm taking it too personally

I (24F) have never really considered myself an extrovert, but compare to my boyfriend (25F) of 18 months, I definitely am.

I understand the concept of needing recharge or me time, but for me, that can consist of being in the same room as him, but doing our own thing. Like, I personally love sitting on the couch reading while my boyfriend is playing video games on the computer. I just... genuinely enjoy being around him, even if we aren't ""doing"" anything. It's like being alone... but with somebody else.

But he sometimes needs to be completely alone, especially if we've spent a lot of time together recently. And, I mean, I understand, but I take it a little bit to heart, you know?

We've talked about moving in together when our leases are up, and we're both pretty excited about the idea, but I worry that I'll be around too much. I've considered the idea of a two bedroom apartment, so that he can have a little den to escape to, but our budgets will make that moderately difficult.

How can I accept that he needs more isolation than me without feeling like it's him not liking spending time with me?"|yawani|False|https://redd.it/ekpwh5|2|1.0|0|11|1|relationships
eko801|2020-01-06 03:39:19|I’m (21M) having problems with my gfs (19F) parents|"So I’ll try and keep this basic while explaining necessary details. We’ve been together over a year, we’re pretty in love, she’s one of those girls you keep and don’t let go of. But like any relationship we’ve been having our share of problems.

Problem #1. They dislike me. I come from a lower class family, I’m not your typical chad, brad, or Kyle in college. I have a street smart/hustler mentality. Based on what she tells me her parents think It’s not smart to be with me because I don’t go to school or have a career job. However I’m currently a Flight Attendant for a large airline. I’m also a insurance agent and a broker with multiple exotic car rental agencies. I plan on taking real estate courses at some point as well, I feel like I have a lot going for me. But they see me as someone not as fortunate I guess because I chose not to go to school and put my self in debt, either that or because I’m not fully white. They don’t really have a reason, and my gf feels really upset because she feels they don’t like that she’s genuinely happy with me.

Problem #2. They seem to be extremely controlling. Now trust me here, I’m very familiar with a crazy controlling mom growing up being Italian. Be at 18 she understood that she has taught me right from wrong and decision making is now in my hands... well on the other hand my gfs parents control anything they pretty much feel they have control over weather it be what time she has to be home, who she’s allowed to hangout with, and even sometimes what her plans for the day will consist of otherwise she’s black mailed and they threaten to stop paying for her college and take her car. 

TL;DR - her parents don’t like me cause I’m not the typical chad that goes to college for a degree that will most likely never be used, and try to control how often we see each other and make her her feel bad for being with me even though she’s very happy with me. They’re always very polite to me, but seem to talk a awful lot behind my back and try to convince my gf I’m not the one for her.

How can I handle this and what should I do lovely people of reddit 🖤"|ghostzdubstep|False|https://redd.it/eko801|3|0.81|0|3|1|relationships
eko20h|2020-01-06 03:25:40|My boyfriend makes me feel left out/unwanted|"I've (26f) been with my boyfriend (24m) for six months, and mostly things have been amazing. He's the best boyfriend I've had and I can imagine a real future with him. The problem is that sometimes he makes me feel really unwanted and it hurts, and I feel insecure about myself and the relationship.

He's very social and has a huge number of friends across 3 or 4 groups. I'm totally fine with him doing a game session every Sunday with the guys, having guys nights out or work events where partners aren't invited. The issue is when he doesn't invite me to group hangs where there's guys and girls, or work meet ups etc where others are bringing their partners.

His explanations for why he hasn't invited me to some have varied, from him just not thinking of it (which is to me incredibly hurtful, he's making a plan but forgets I exist??), he didn't know it would be okay to bring me (so he never asks, which makes it seem like he doesn't want me), he thought asking me last minute would be too stressful for me, etc. He has brought me to a few things, but from what I gather these were only because someone specifically told him to bring me, or it was an obvious thing like his birthday.

We talked about it again recently, as we have before when it happened and I had been very upset at the pattern of being left out. Again this time at first he didn't see why it was a big deal that he wants to hang out with his friends on his own, which was all he saw it as. When I explained how it makes me feel like he's trying to compartmentalise me in his life and preventing me from becoming friends with his friends, making me wonder what he does that he doesn't want me to be there, etc, he apologised and really seemed to care, and promised to do better. The problem is we've had this same conversation before, and I still feel put aside and like he only wants me around when it suits him.

We see each other at least twice a week and usually spend those nights together, and he is very attentive and loving most of the time, but I'm really upset that this keeps happening and I feel like I'm forcing him to include me where he doesn't want to, and don't know what to do about it. I know my own anxiety and insecurity is part of the problem because maybe I'm making it into something bigger than it really is, but I can't help but feel like he doesn't want me as much as I want him, and that he separates me from his friends so he can behave differently with them. Even if he does start inviting me more now I'm going to feel like he's doing it to keep the peace and not because he actually wants me there, because if he did then he'd have been bringing me this whole time. How do I cope with feeling like my boyfriend only wants me some of the time?

Tldr: My boyfriend is great but he often makes me feel left out of his social life, and that he wants to spend less time with me than I'd like to spend with him. He's promised before to include me and make me feel more wanted but it hasn't changed."|orchidforest93|False|https://redd.it/eko20h|3|0.81|0|7|1|relationships
ekpjos|2020-01-06 05:35:25|Is my Girlfriend (F18) losing interest in me (M19)? If so, what can I do about it?|"Me (M19) and my Girlfriend (F18) have been dating for just over a month. Before we started dating, we were friends since August, where we texted and hung out a lot. We were even FWB for a bit, when we both admitted we had feelings for each other so we started dating.

I met her about a month after she was dumped by her ex after a 10 month relationship, where he lost feelings for her. She claimed that she had feelings for me ever since we met. We started dating about 4 months after they broke up. 

We started dating at the beginning of December. Everything was really good, both of us were passionate and very into our relationship. We both loved spending time together, doing stuff, and getting to know each other. I was super excited to see her. However, ever since about a week ago, it feels like things have starting to take a different feel. 

About a week ago, we had an argument. I won’t get into detail, but basically, she admitted that while we were just friends, she lied to me about a part of her sexual past. She told me that she lied then was because she was embarrassed and didn’t want me to think less of her. I apologized for my behaviour and told her I was in the wrong for getting upset. We made up and she forgave me and we moved on. 

A few days ago, she came over to my house and she was nervous and anxious. I asked her why she was nervous, and she said “I don’t know what to do” and she has been losing sleep over it. I asked her what it was, and she didn’t answer the question, only saying it was about “school stuff in the next semester”. 

The last few times we have hung out, she has been more short fused with me, getting a bit grumpy. Also, I’ve noticed she has been kissing me a bit less often, and displaying less public affection. We used to hold hands in public all the time, but now it’s less. 

Also, she used to send me so many heart and kiss emojis, but hasn’t in a week. She still says “I love you”, but seems less charismatic as before. Also, her texts kinda seem more dry than they used to. 

Today, I asked her about our relationship and she said she still loves me and doesn’t want to leave me. She was worried that I was starting to notice these negative changes.

Is she losing interest? What should I do if I want to keep the relationship going.

TL:DR: Me and my gf have been dating for a month. First 3 weeks went really really well. However this week, I’ve notice some changes from her that could imply that she may be losing interest. I asked her about it, and she said she still loves me and doesn’t want to lose me, however idk if she is making that up."|RedRabbit18|False|https://redd.it/ekpjos|2|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
eknti6|2020-01-06 03:06:49|I always get quickly bored in relationships and don't know what to do (20F)|"(sorry for any grammatical mistakes)
I'm (F20) and currently in a relationship (M20). The problem is, I don't really want to spend time with him anymore, even though I love him.
If it was just this relationship I had this problem with, I would think that were just not meant to be.
BUT, I have had this in every relationship I ever had. I always get bored and annoyed by my partner after some time and just dont want to do anything with them anymore, but I know I still love them deep down.

Now I don't know what to do anymore. I love my partner and they do so much for me and I really don't want to hurt them by breaking it off. 
I started forcing myself into spending time with him thinking it might get better, but it did'nt.
I know I sound like an asshole but I feel really bad about this 'habit'. I don't know why I am like this and I don't know what to do.

Tldr; I get bored/annoyed by my partner and don't want to spend time with them anymore even though I love them."|throwthisawaypls234|False|https://redd.it/eknti6|3|0.81|0|3|1|relationships
ekp7ax|2020-01-06 05:04:07|My hubby and I (both 30m; M/F) considering moving to a new city to enhance our lives....but will be far from parents who may need us.|" My lovely husband (30M) and I (30F) are currently deciding whether we want to relocate out west to another state (we are in the USA). We currently live in the suburbs of Chicago where my husband has a stable teaching position and I just finished my degree for an in-demand health care field, so I'm in a prime position to start a new job somewhere fresh. His job, since its sort of niche in the arts, may be more challenging to replace. We are interested in moving to a more rural location where we can actually afford to buy a home with some land to both grow food and enjoy nature, as we really enjoy a variety of outdoor activities. However, we aren't really sure how to approach this topic with our parents and close family. While we value everyone's opinion and advice, this topic has serious potential for biased ideas and hurting feelings. The parents all live within 20 minutes of us, with my extended family all within the Chicago area. Both of our siblings have moved far away with their families, leaving my husband and I the only children here to assist our parents as they age. (Our parents are between 61-65 years old) We are a close knit family, so not looking to burn any bridges, but we feel that we will be happier moving out west and finding our place among mountains and national forests. Has anyone else been through this? Or considered moving away from close family? We are at a total loss of how to even begin considering this decision or what the realty of moving far away may feel like. I welcome any thoughts, anecdotes, or advice! 

tldr: My husband and I (both 30, decent careers), want to move out west to have more land/be closer to ourdoor rec, but are really consider about how to approach this topic with our families, who all live close."|outdoortree|False|https://redd.it/ekp7ax|2|0.76|0|3|1|relationships
ekp3y6|2020-01-06 04:55:36|My (28F) birth dad popped up through dna testing. His profile is pretty locked, but it looks like he married bio mom 1y post adoption & they gave a family. Should I reach out?|"** HAVE a family. Typo. 
So I’ve always known I was adopted. I did the DNA test via ancestry dna because it was on sale, so why not? I don’t know much about my ancestry and wasn’t expecting much. Low and behold, I got more than I bargained for. There’s a man who shows a ‘100% match.’ The guys profile is locked, but as a fairly internet savvy gal he wasn’t hard to find. (Plus, process of elimination. It took about 10 minutes and I was a bit curious at that point.) I expected some familial history, but hadn’t considered the possibility of my birth parents being on here. In hindsight that was a big oversight on my part and I wish I had thought that through before spitting into the tube.


Now that he popped up on here, my curiosity has been piqued. That being said. I feel like his profile is locked for a reason, and he probably doesn’t want to be found. While I am no longer a member, both my adoptive and bio family come from the same oober strict religion. Bio family has 4 kids, starting about 2ish years after I was born. Bio mom and dad (for lack of better term) got married about 9 months after giving me up for adoption. They were young, about 18-19 years old.


My question is- is it worth reaching out at this point? Am I over thinking this? Should I ask for medical records? Or is it best to just let it be and move on from this information? I’m sure their kids don’t even know I exist and there’s really no reason to rock that boat. I don’t really know how to process this. My mom is very narcissistic and thinking back, when I was younger had told me seeking out my bio family would be an ‘ultimate betrayal.’ (Dramatic, I know.) 


I’m not looking for a relationship, I don’t know what I’m looking for. Where to start? What to expect, reasonably? What someone in there position may be feeling? They probably knew this was a possibility, they’ve been on ancestry since 2011. What would you do in my shoes?


Tl;dr: bio family popped up on dna results. I’d it worth reaching out, or would that potentially do more harm than good?"|superlost007|False|https://redd.it/ekp3y6|2|0.76|0|12|1|relationships
ekht3b|2020-01-05 19:35:44|Fiancé (26m) and I (36f) can’t strike a balance with quality time & gaming.|"
Let me start by stating that my fiancé (26m) had confided in me (36f) when we were best friends that he had an addiction to gaming. He has purchased & sold so many gaming consoles over the years because he can’t strike a balance with life & playing. We have been together almost 2 years. When he moved in with me a year ago, he got an Xbox...again. We were adjusting to living together and this was a difficult area as he would stay up all night, wake me up & talk about me to his friends on his headset while I was an earshot away. 

Sure, If I was better at video games I would probably want to play them sometimes, but I’m more of a productive hobby kind of person. So I tried finding ways to fill my time that didn’t involve attention from him. What I really didn’t like was the lack of sex, going to bed alone every night, having a drastically different schedule & a general sense of feeling lonely.  I always wished he could just play for a few hours & still make it to bed with me instead of gaming from 9pm-5am. After a few months he sold his system as a gesture to me, but quickly that became a point of contention for him. It’s important to note that while I wasn’t pleased with it all, I never asked him to get rid of it.  It was clear that gaming is a big part of his life & he will always feel like a part of him is missing if he couldn’t have that outlet. 

So about 8 months without a gaming console, I decided to take a leap of faith & get him an Xbox for Christmas this year. I wanted to show him I trusted his time management & wanted him to be happy. Sadly & not surprisingly, we have fallen into the same pattern, only now it’s worse. Maybe he’s grown more comfortable/bored in our relationship, because he’s playing until all hours of the night now. The same issues for me persist; he wakes me up, I can’t fall back asleep, I have to be at work early so I get mad, he naps when he gets home from work because he’s up all night. So my weeknights & weekend days turn into tip toeing around the house waiting for him to wake up. I go to sleep alone, we don’t have nearly as much sex & we’re barely talking lately. I end up doing most of the household chores & clean up the messes he makes while gaming late. I have tried to ask him to watch something with me & order in but he ends up on his phone looking up hints for games he’s playing. I always feel like I’m holding him back from playing by asking for any time with him. 

Im aware that this is a tricky area as it can come across controlling to ask someone to do less of what they love for you, but I’m generally very unhappy at this point. I’m trying to decide if there is anyway we can work on this or if it’s just a personality thing. I’m sure there are women out there who wouldn’t give 2 shits if he paid her no attention & played all night. Unfortunately, that’s not me & likely never will be.  I do want to point out too that he has a job & shows up! We do go out & do fun things so it’s not majorly unhealthy. It’s really just the nighttime that I find myself feeling very lonely. 

TL/DR; Fiancé can’t strike a balance between real life & video gaming. Can you work on an issue like this or just move on?"|lemongrasslove|False|https://redd.it/ekht3b|11|0.84|0|3|1|relationships
ekra43|2020-01-06 08:31:55|My Friend with benefits (F22) confessed to me (M20) today|"So my fwb confessed today and I'm not sure what to do. We had a very open fwb relationship and it worked well, we said if one of us catches feelings we'd tell the other and go from there. I maintained I wasn't interested in starting a relationship as I was dumped by my ex (F23) not too long before we met up. I'm still unsure of my own feelings towards my ex and my fwb. Things with my fwb have been great and we really do get along great, but I still have moments I miss my ex. Any advice? 

TL;DR still have slight feelings for my ex and unsure how I feel for my fwb"|qwasania|False|https://redd.it/ekra43|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ekr6yu|2020-01-06 08:21:51|I’m not sure what’s happening between me[18 f] and my boyfriend [21]|"As background info, my boyfriends car had a miss fire and we had to go pick it up to take it back to his place or find a auto shop.  We got to his car and couldn’t find any open auto shops since they all closed 30 min before we started looking. I could tell he was extremely frustrated because he hasn’t had his car in about a month and two weeks. 

We agreed earlier that day that I would follow him if it came down to trying to drive it back to his place which is 35 miles away Incase anything happened. I guess he was more upset than I originally thought cause he took off going 100 miles and my driving skills/old car couldn’t keep up. (By the way he’s a marine) I figured he’d wait for me by the gate so he could let me in. At the time I hadn’t seen him in two weeks and we agreed to spend time together that day. 

I get to the gate and see no sign of his car, I call him and asked where he was and he was already through the gate. He asked if I could find a way in again since I have some marine friends but I had already asked my friend earlier that day to sponsor me onto base and I didn’t want to have to ask again. Especially because even if my friend could I’d have to drive 25 miles back the opposite direction of where my boyfriends barracks where. 

I could tell he was a little nervous when I sounded pist after he offered for me to find my own way into base. I think I’ve discovered he kinda rants when he’s nervous because he started going off about what’s wrong with his car and what he might do to fix it and how he was sorry, and also that it wasn’t really his day. But I cut him off and said “Jay, please just don’t do that again.” Because I was extremely annoyed that he didn’t bother calling or shooting me a quick text that he might be leaving me behind, making me feel like he used us “hanging out” to go pick his car up. 

He got silent after I told him that for a solid couple minutes. I was even more disappointed Ted with how he was acting but I regret saying “okay whatever, have fun with your car” and hung up on him. 

The next day I was going to be traveling out of state and texted him “Hey, can we talk? I wanna try working things out before I go so we don’t end this on a bad note” 

He read it but didn’t respond. It’s been almost two days.  I don’t know if I should reach out to him again or call it quits. 

TL;DR : Boyfriend got angry/frustrated about his car. He’s a marine and the original plan was for me to follow but he completely left me in the dust. We talked but when I called him out about it he got silent so I hung up. Hasn’t talked to me in two days."|thelittlerosey|False|https://redd.it/ekr6yu|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ekk5yv|2020-01-05 22:33:09|I (23M) can’t get attached to anyone|"I’m someone who has an avoidant style of attachment. Meaning I don’t let people get close, often feel suffocated, can’t express emotion easily, but crave a loving relationship. 

It’s one of the worst feelings in the world to watch friends and family enjoy relationships while I tend to ruin them by freaking out. I would pay any amount to feel secure. I’m with a partner (23F) that cares about me more than anyone in the world and it feels amazing. But, I can’t find it in me to take the next step and get closer to them. 

Me and my partner are very different but make it work. It’s been a year and I’m still not 100% that they’re the one. I feel like I’m the reason why I can’t get to that 100% feeling, and don’t know how to change it. We are aligned on most of the big things (marriage/kids/timeline), but also differ on things (different religions/where we want to live/lifestyles). I feel like I’m giving up before trying to tackle these next decisions because I feel smothered and engulfed.

Is it wrong that I still don’t know if she’s the one? Am I wrong to be having doubts and anxiety about the relationship? 

Has anyone dealt with this? I’m in therapy now, but am curious what has worked for people.

Tldr: I (23M) can’t connect with people and avoid emotional connection with others. I worry about my relationship and if I’m unsure of our future because I struggle with connection, or if it’s just not a good match."|Tribute101|False|https://redd.it/ekk5yv|8|0.83|0|5|1|relationships
ekn7e4|2020-01-06 02:18:28|I’m not sure if breaking up was the right choice|"I (F27) broke up with my bf (M28) Friday night. We were together for almost 2 years. We hadn’t seen each other for a couple weeks prior to Friday because of separate traveling. December was a stressful time for me with work, but when I visited home for the holidays everything was amplified due to a multitude of family issues, and I had never felt more stressed in my life. Throughout this time I was also becoming more anxious about the work I had to get back to and frankly felt overwhelmed by everything. I did not speak to my bf very frequently during the week and a half I was home, who didn’t know the full extent of how tough things were for me at home because I didn’t feel like I had the mental capacity to have normal, cheerful conversations. At the same time, I didn’t want to tell him everything that was going on because a) I’m bad at being vulnerable and b) it doesn’t feel right to share information about family members who I know they’re having a hard time coping with their situation themselves. I drove back Wednesday feeling sad about leaving home when things were so tough for my parents, while also feeling anxious about getting back to work. I think I spent Thursday and Friday with knots in my stomach and feeling the saddest I’ve felt in a long time. 

So finally, we see each other on Friday night and I had full intentions on being normal, but I just couldn’t. He spent the first hour trying to act like nothing was wrong, trying to lift my mood. I couldn’t pretend like I was okay and he finally asked me if something is wrong. If things are good between us. I couldn’t answer him because I had started crying at this point and I told him how unhappy I was with everything in my life, how overwhelmed I was, how I had too much on my plate. He asked if I needed distance from him, if I needed time on my own to figure things out. He didn’t want to be a burden. I didn’t feel like I wanted that, but it felt like the right thing to do. I didn’t want to make him watch me be miserable and have him tiptoe around for my sake. So I agreed to breakup. He told me he loves me so much and doesn’t want to breakup, but he cared for my needs more. He comforted me the whole time, told me I would make it work and that I had good people around me who cares for me. He told me he would always be there and that I can always reach out if I need him. He said maybe we can pick this back up later when I’m feeling better or we don’t have to if that’s what I decide, he just wants me to be happy even if it’s not with him.

Typing that all out makes me feel so stupid to let go of someone who loves me so, so much. I love him too. What is keeping me from reaching out to him is that I’ve felt previously every now and then that we are different people. I felt like I was waiting for him to grow up, but at the same time that it might be selfish of me to want him to change. Fundamentally, I was unsure of how forever our forever would be. 

I’m so conflicted because I still love him, miss him, and want him back, but knowing how I had felt uncertain about him previously I’m hesitant to reach out. I don’t want to break his heart twice. He is my first serious relationship, but I don’t think anyone will ever love me again quite like him. I hadn’t planned on breaking up with him, so it feels like it was an impulsive mistake. At the same time, what if it was inevitable and I would have never felt certain about the rest of our lives together? My friend told me that men can change for the one they love, but I’m not sure that he needs to if there is someone out there who will be able to feel certain about him just the way he is because he’s a really, really great guy. I’m not sure what my question is, just seeking for advice I guess. I feel so lost.


Tl;dr bf and I broke up and I’m not sure if it was a mistake or if it was soon to be coming. He loves me so much and I don’t want to hurt him again."|736qi4yo2|False|https://redd.it/ekn7e4|3|0.72|0|2|1|relationships
ekoh7i|2020-01-06 04:01:17|Me (M22) wants to ask my friend's cousin (F28) out.|"My friend has a cousin who is extremely beautiful however I'm scared to make a move. We have been messaging all day catching up since the last time I saw her was years ago. She is single and from what I gathered seeking a relationship. I am nervous on making a move or asking her out since the age gap and having friends as her family. Part of me says I dont care but the other is scared of rejection. She has everything I'm looking for in a woman and could see us being compatible. Any tips on how to approach this situation? Is approaching an older women different than a younger one? 

TL;DR I (22M) have been exchanging messages with an older woman (28F) but am nervous to ask her out."|BradyTonguedHisSon|False|https://redd.it/ekoh7i|2|0.76|0|4|1|relationships
ek6lhs|2020-01-05 02:24:48|My MK-obsessed mom (59) just tried to throw 1/2 my family's stuff (I'm 36F, H is 35M) out.|"TLDR: My otherwise awesome mom is obsessed w Marie Kondo & just tried to ""Declutter"" my house, creating havoc. 

So my othewise amazing mom goes on these self-improvement kicks (as long as I can remember) and is really pushy about dragging EVERYONE with her. 

Her latest and strongest (over a year now) is freaking Marie Kondo. Except she takes it another step further, thinking people should give away things they love because other people need them more. It’s become like a moral imperative to her (“think of all these families who NEED the things you have! Why are you holding them back!”)

My kids are close in age so a lot of books, toys, clothes etc go back and forth between their rooms and a lot of my stuff gets brought into the mix. 

The other day she watched my kids while I was at work (out of state visit). I came home to boxes and boxes literally stacked in my hall so it was tough to move. My husband was furious at the mess. 

She’d had the kids go through their rooms and give her everything “they” don’t use, etc. it sounds like she helped them decide what that was, so anything in their room that they didn’t own, or she didn’t like, ended up in boxes. This included dozens of books that they still read and love, very valued keepsakes of mine, and much loved toys belonging to the other child.

The kids were going through the tops of the bins, and crying when they noticed stuff that they love & still use in there. I found A keepsake given to me by a dead relative, and pointed out what it was. My mom just shrugged and said “I know, I know.”

The following morning, we were concerned that she was going to take the boxes to Goodwill to donate, so we crammed my SUV full just to protect our stuff. 

So, despite having chronic pain & being late to work, I took half an hour of my time, to protect my stuff from Goodwill.

It’s created a last-minute fire drill, and major project this weekend, where of about 14 boxes, only half of a box should be going to Goodwill.

The problem was, this should not have happened on her schedule, and based on what she felt we didn’t need. I have an introverted, geeky hobby that I’ve had for most of my life that she (most of the extended family) of, 90% of my stuff from there of course ended up in the donation bins.

Is there a way that I can communicate to her, without hurting her feelings, how hurtful, disrespectful, and stressful her actions were?

Frankly, I like stuff, and this extreme cleaning is just not a priority for me. Because of having these health issues at such a young age, I am hyper conscious about maximizing the time I do have and enjoying my life, not throwing a bunch of shit away to please other people.

She was supposed to come stay with us later this year to help with the kids while I get a badly-needed surgery (there is no support locally, save a greedy, lazy relative who doesn't understand why we don't bend over backwards to buy HER kids a bunch of shit) and I don’t feel right now like I can trust her not to do that again."|AllegedHoarder|False|https://redd.it/ek6lhs|225|0.91|0|167|1|relationships
ekofgm|2020-01-06 03:56:44|Should I (25M) message a crush (27F) on Facebook about seeing her on a dating app?|"There this 27F that I (25M) am very attracted to who is nearly perfect for me. Same field of study, similar background, etc. We have met a couple of times and had brief conversations. Our parents also occasionally talk to each other. We are friends on Facebook and have also had a very brief conversation on there, where is was mainly just me saying happy birthday. Being the single loser that I am, I made a profile on a dating app similar to Tinder, but it's used for people of a specific background. I was very surprised to notice her profile on the app as well (and of course I super liked her). So far, it's been a few days and we haven't matched. My question is how I should proceed with this information. Is it appropriate to Facebook message her saying that I happened to see her profile in this dating app? I can literally see myself being with this person for a very long time. Sorry if this is a dumb question, I'm very inexperienced in the whole dating scene. Thanks for any advice you all have!

Tl:dr I saw my crush on a dating app similar to Tinder but for people of a specific background. Can I Facebook message her about it if we're friends on Facebook?"|awkwardloser737|False|https://redd.it/ekofgm|2|0.67|0|10|1|relationships
ekof6o|2020-01-06 03:56:02|A colleague & I got intimate by accident and now he's all I can think about|"I (27F) have a big crush on my married coworker (28M) that is unwarranted and I know will eventually pass but it is completely effecting my work performance lately and I need advice on how to curb these feelings faster or better.

I always thought this colleague was very handsome and we've always gotten along great but would never classify it as a crush by any means. Recently we were stuck together in a high  anxiety situation that I cannot completely talk about but during it we both got pretty vulnerable with one another and bonded. Now when he's around me I cannot focus on my work at all and am getting nothing done. Logically, my feelings are very largely from the situation we were in and will eventually pass but I need to get over these feelings faster or I am going to get in some serious trouble at work (I'm like 2 weeks behind on my work load at this point but management hasn't notice yet).

I tried avoiding him at work to give myself some space to recoup but suddenly he's in my department almost daily working on another project so I can see him nearly all day long. It's awful because he's been treating me the same as always joking and being an helpful and I'm suddenly nervous and clumsy around him and it's pretty damn off putting. I am both at risk of losing a friend and could miss my chance on a big promotion I put in for. What the heck can I do??


TL;DR - Highly stressful situation with married coworker resulted in us getting very close. Now I can't stop thinking about him and it's massively effecting my work performance & our friendship. Need advice."|AtheliaGone|False|https://redd.it/ekof6o|2|0.75|0|13|1|relationships
ekki2i|2020-01-05 22:56:29|Is being bisexual unattractive?|"So I'm a M (18) and was speaking to F (19) and things were going really well flirting and everything and I was really into her. At this time it wasnt common knowledge that I'm Bi, then one night when I felt like I could trust her and believe that our relationship was strong enough to withstand it I told her, this then changes everything.

She starts replying less and less and the chat gets worse so I confront her about what's happened and she tells me that she worried about people judging her about dating someone that's bi I told her that it's now 2020 and being bi isnt a weird or unnatural thing. And she replies with the fact that she just doesnt think she could be with someone that is into both sexes. She then eventually ghosts me altogether. 

This has happened with a couple people and I feel like my only other option is to find other bi people.

Tl;dr: I keep getting rejected for being bi. Is being bi a turn off for people?"|JackDaniel2404|False|https://redd.it/ekki2i|4|0.71|0|30|1|relationships
ekodcm|2020-01-06 03:51:14|Cliché teenage relationship different colleges post|"I hate to be a cliché but I keep freaking out and getting sad because my (m19) girlfriend (f18) is graduating high school soon and the closest school she’ll probably attend is 150 miles away. There’s a good chance she might go to a different state entirely for school. We were best friends for a year and a half before we started dating and now we’ve been together for almost a year. We always talk about the future (marriage, kids, houses, jobs, dogs, etc.) and she feels a loooot more confident about us staying together throughout college than I do. She’s a super outgoing person so I know she’s gonna make a lot of friends so I’m just nervous she’ll forget about me, find someone else, or just decide that being single is more fun. I don’t wanna keep talking about it to her because I’m sure it gets annoying and it won’t make a difference anyways so I’m hoping you can all offer words of wisdom. I love her so much and I know she loves me too .... I know the probability of us making it is technically low but ugh... y’all to me nice reddit. Please 😣

TL;DR: My (m19) girlfriend (f18) is going away for college soon and I’m freaking out. We were best friends for a year and a half and now have dated for a year. I’m freaking out. Thoughts?"|zaddyzee|False|https://redd.it/ekodcm|3|0.72|0|2|1|relationships
ekck3s|2020-01-05 12:43:06|[Advice Needed] A friend [28F] needed someone to talk to after her breakup, I [30M] might have done more harm than help|"I'm in need of advice.

So backstory

A friend just went through her divorce. And didn't have anyone to spend New year's with in her new city. So she up state to visit me. I agreeded thinking that would be better than her sitting at home stewing

So she came over, and we hooked up for the last few nights. She told me she needed this kind of distraction especially for the festival.

So my question is.

Would this actually help her? Or will I actually cause her more pain later?

I felt like I let her down by not being a good enough friend to tell her this isn't the way to process this

Tldr: became a distraction for a friend. But im worried that I caused more harm than good."|Available_Argument|False|https://redd.it/ekck3s|32|0.92|0|14|1|relationships
ekqoga|2020-01-06 07:26:40|My ex (f19) is moving in with her fling.|"Hi reddit this is a throwaway account and I’ll do my best to explain this situation. Me and my ex-girlfriend dated for a year before she broke things off because I wasn’t doing certain things (saving money, taking care of myself) and she wanted to be with someone who was. 

She said that she still loves me but she wants to make sure that I take care of my life and if things were different later maybe it could be revisited. 

I’ll add right now that I support this decision wholeheartedly, I still love her very much and knowing that I caused her pain made me feel worse than losing her. 

But she started seeing her coworker, and they kind of moved very quickly. Now before anyone says it, no she didn’t cheat on me. She isn’t the kind of person to do that. She had been talking to him and become good friends with him but nothing sexual or romantic happened between them until after we had broken things off. 

It’s been a week or so and she just told me that she is moving in with him, and she hasn’t even made her relationship official yet, not to mention the fact that she lives with my grandparents and has been spending nights away with him. 

I don’t know what she is thinking, she knows that if things don’t go right with him that she will be homeless. And to makes things even worse the guy shes seeing ALSO just got out of a long term relationship. 

I’m not going to stop her I just don’t know what to say when she will inevitably ask my opinion. I think that she is moving way too quick and I worry for her genuine safety but I don’t want to seem like I just want her back. 

Tl;dr
My ex is moving in with her new fling and idk what to tell her"|NoBodyWorthFinding|False|https://redd.it/ekqoga|2|0.75|0|7|1|relationships
ekmjm7|2020-01-06 01:26:53|Need advice on what to do about my mom|"So for some backstory, I’m 22M and about to graduate college. I just got back after a trip home and my mom is adamant I should come home for at least 6 months after I graduate to put back money. I go to school out of state and had said I would come back home after school when I was 18 because I didn’t know what else I’d do. Fast forward 4 years and I have a girlfriend ( 21F) I’ve been with for 2 years who has become my best friend and wants us to help each other grow. She is offering for us to move in together after I graduate so I can save money. She even offered to work more to help me more if need be. We get along better than I have with anyone else I’ve ever known. If she were pressuring me to live with her I’d feel crazy but she wants me to make the decision that I want because she wants me happy.

While I was home for winter break, my mom crossed a line by taking money from my bank account because she was “afraid I’d make irrational purchases” after I tried to have a calm conversation with her the day after we had a big argument. That, coupled with the way we’ve had arguments before, the fact that I have no desire to have a career or establish a life in the state I used to live in, and my lack of a car (where I live rn has great public transportation) I dont see the logic in going home for 6 months now that situations have changed. She took our arguments to the point of saying “I only have one son now” and “if you don’t want my as your mother fine” when I wasn’t taking anything near that far. She takes me having no desire to live in that state as not wanting anything to do with my family.

When I got back I looked up some info about controlling parents. Two points that stood out were the extreme desire to be best friends with your kid (she literally keeps talking about how she wants to be friends again) and another about how they try to “blame, shame, guilt, or pressure you” and that is literally what happened the whole time I was home. Because I don’t want to come home like she wants, she continuous to try and guilt and pressure me into it to the point she keeps saying it’s what I AM doing regardless of what I say.

Yes I have student loans I have to pay but that’s why I’m putting back money now so I can pay more than what I set aside from my pay in the future and be ready in emergencies. Moving back in 6 months would be difficult since my gf wouldn’t be able to afford a 1 bedroom fully on her own so she’d have to go through finding a sublease again and that doesn’t sound reliable or worth it.

If you have any questions I’ll fill you in the best I can. I’m just tired of being made to feel guilty. Also I’ve agreed to get a document notarized stating I’m gong to pay them back for my school loans and I didn’t even get into how many times she threatened to pull me out of college or call the cops on me if I tried to leave during an argument.

TL;DR- My mom wants me to do what she sees as best and isn’t listening to me when I say I want to do my own thing, then takes it as a personal attack against her."|ItsYaBoi45|False|https://redd.it/ekmjm7|3|0.81|0|3|1|relationships
ekdarr|2020-01-05 13:55:57|Friend (19F) mad at me (22M) for not texting everyday?|"I'll start of with saying, I'm not really good in social interactions and relationships in general. I've been in one relationship that lasted over a year. 

I've met this girl last year, and we started talking and hit it off right away. Never really thought anything would amount from it and neither did she because we are living in different cities. I'm currently studying and working in one country and she's in another finishing her school. She's gonna come to the same city where I'm currently in for college this year. So because of the distance we really didn't go too much into flirting and stuff like that, just friends. We would talk maybe twice or thrice a week. 

So few months ago that would go significantly up, we would talk almost everyday, once in the morning and once in the evening. We would flirt, talk about some deep topics and stuff. She first started using pet names for me (babe, bae, love) so I used them back and lo and behold I've fallen for her. Now a few weeks ago I've asked her if she wanted to try and give us a chance, seeing as we are great together and I'd not like to pass on this chance to get a great girl. She rejected me by saying ""I don't think that there's a chance for us to be in relationship as I love you as a friend and I'd rather not ruin that and lose you"" and I was hurt but okay, you can't make someone see you in romantic way if they don't want to. So I backed off, I stopped using ""Babe, baby"" and such names, I also stopped texting her everyday because I don't text friends everyday, it's few times a week. So now she's mad at me for not texting as I did before we had the talk, ""why am I not texting her everyday?"". She even tries to make me compliment her and will send me selfies throughout the day where she writes ""Aren't I cute?"". 

What do I even make of all this? Did I do good for taking a step back? I'm just acting to her like I do towards all of my friends that I have. What would you do if you were in my shoes?

TL;DR I got feelings for a girl, asked her if she wanted to be official, she wants to be friends, started acting accordingly, now she's mad at me, need advice on how to proceed?"|wenosyz|False|https://redd.it/ekdarr|26|0.82|0|18|1|relationships
ekmba4|2020-01-06 01:09:18|I (M20) Am stuck in a love triangle with (F21) and (M22) And need advice on how to move forwards|"I (M20) Is stuck in a love triangle with (F21) and (M22)

Sorry for formatting I’m on mobile

So About 2 months ago I meet this amazing girl she was everything I’ve ever wanted, we hit it off instantly.   So we are flirting for a while, but every time we talk about having an official relationship she blows me off.   Until come Christmas time I confess my love for her and she tells me  that’s she feels the same way.   Fast forward a few days she tells me that she has a boyfriend already... even though me and her have been getting physical why’ll he was out of town.   And on top of that she tells me I’m he main guy and how she doesn’t want to leave me.   But  she refuses to even talk about the possibility of leaving him even though he’s abusive. 

I just don’t know how to proceed forward and need advice from my fellow redditors. 


TL;DR I met this girl, me and her fell in love,  she tell me she has a boyfriend, but keeps telling me I’m the one she wants.  I’m just very confused on what do do next"|burneraccount1010246|False|https://redd.it/ekmba4|3|0.81|0|4|1|relationships
ekdi2u|2020-01-05 14:14:48|My (40M) new relationship going really well then her (39F) first love tells her he is seriously ill and everything changes. Are her feelings for him real or just grieving?|"For context I am a 40-year-old male, been single for a good four or five years and only ever had a couple of serious relationships and no children. No particular reason for this I don't think - I like to think I am a nice guy, reasonably ok looking, always put others first, etc, but it is just the way things have worked out.

Anyway around four months ago in September, via a slightly bizarre set of circumstances, I met someone. She lives around 200 miles from me, is the same age and has two young children. We called and facetimed numerous times and immediately made an instant connection and it was obvious we both liked each other. In fact within a few days of making contact she said she fancied me and that this was unusual as she had had a serious man drought for a couple of years and she struggles to find guys she fancies.

We eventually met up for the first time about a couple of weeks later, in mid-October, we met somewhere that was halfway between us and everything online translated into reality - we had a fantastic time, we both loved each others company and a few days later a card popped through my door from her saying ""Always believe something wonderful is about to happen"" - and she had written in it how much she enjoyed the date and how she couldn't wait to see me again.

Anyway over the next two months we met up a few more times - every time was fantastic, we had a lot in common and both loved each others company.

For Christmas my dad and I, along with a few other members of the family, go up to the Lake District. We stopped for a night on the way up and she met up with us, met my dad, he loved her and again we had a great time. We were calling, texting and videocalling during the entire week of Christmas - we were both saying we missed each other and that was a nice feeling for us both as we hadn't experienced that for a long time. She bought some lovely presents for me and evidently spent a lot of time and money selecting them. She suggested that on the way back from the Lakes I meet her and go back to hers and meet her girls for the first time. To prepare for this we suggested we all video call - me, her and her two girls, so we did and it went really well, she said the kids loved me.

So the day after Boxing Day (the day we had video called and talked about me meeting her girls, etc), I woke up and checked my FB Messenger and I had had a message from her saying she had had some devastating terminal news the previous night about someone very dear to her and she was struggling to process it. I tried to be as understanding as possible and asked if I could help, or if she wanted to speak and she said she was really sorry she just needed time to deal with it.

The next day she messaged me apologising again and saying she didn't feel she could continue with what we have as she had nothing spare to give. She went onto to explain that she had gone round for what she thought would be a normal catch up with her first love, they dated for four years 20 years ago, when he told her he was dying. She said it opened up all of these emotions she didn't realise she still had and that all she wanted to do is care for him, love him and look after him. She asked me to give her a week to get a grip on her emotions, the situation and how she was feeling.

It was tough, but I said I completely understood it must be a difficult situation for her and told her to take as long as she needed and to let me know when she had had time to digest everything and how she was feeling. I popped a little card in the post for her basically saying that I wouldn't judge her and would try and be there for her in whatever form she wanted no matter what she decided.

I got a message from her yesterday (roughly a week after this all started) saying she had been spending time with her first love and they had talked about her moving into help with things. She said it felt normal and it was as if she had been waiting for this moment without knowing it. She even said she wants to marry him and doesn't care that he is dying, she just wants to spend as much time with him as possible - saying she loves him so so much and he is the missing piece in her jigsaw. She apologised again and said it looks like they are heading into a relationship.

But to give a bit of context to this her first love has lived around the corner from her for the past 20 years. He has a child in the same class as her oldest daughter, she told me previously that she had seen him regularly over the past 20 years in the street, at school, they'd always been cordial, said hello and had a chat, but she had never had any feelings for him at all until he told her he was dying.

The day before he had told her he was dying she had also been round to see him, and he told her his girlfriend had left him. Directly after that we videocalled and she told me about this and she said how grateful she was for what we have and how she felt really good about our relationship - no mention of any feelings for him even though he had just told her he was single. Then the next day he asks her around again and tells her he is dying and boom! All these feelings come out. Just to add something here, she has said she has seen hospital notes, insurance documents (he has his own business), and they confirm that he actually is seriously ill.

I am not angry, as feelings and emotions are natural things we can't control, and I don't know how I would feel in a similar situation, but it has left me confused as to whether she is really feeling these emotions for him or whether it is grief/sorrow/a desire to care for a big part of her past. She is adamant that she loves him a lot and it is real, but I can't get my head around how she can see him regularly and have no feelings and then all of a sudden they develop when she finds out he is dying.

After she told me all this I asked her a question and said before this all happened with her first love, when we were speaking all the time, could she really see something long term between us? And she said ""Yes I envisaged you moving up here and us bringing the girls up together.""

As a 40-year-old man with no kids and a strong connection to where I live (having always lived in the same town, except for time at Uni and travelling) the thought of moving up to be with her and help her look after her kids, should have scared me, but it didn't it, really excited me - it was like a whole new part of my life was opening up.

Now that has suddenly, without any warning, closed and I feel lost and confused by it all, as I do see a very small glimmer on the horizon, for two reason - 1) obviously, and sadly, this guy is ill and 2) As the weeks progress her feelings might settle and she might realise what she is feeling is more grief and a desire to help than genuine love, although that is just me guessing.

But I don't know the best way forward to deal with this and would welcome others opinions on the situation and her feelings.

**TL;DR:** After years of being single (and not bothered by it) around four months ago I (40M) met someone and made an instant connection with them and we became very close to the point we were discussing me moving up to be with her (39F) and help her raise her children.

Then all of a sudden, literally overnight, this changed when she found out her first love from years ago is dying. Now I am totally confused as she has said this let to a load of emotions she never knew she still had being released and she has ended the relationship to look after him."|throwawayokinengland|False|https://redd.it/ekdi2u|23|0.91|0|34|1|relationships
ekgs8n|2020-01-05 18:23:22|Afraid of Long Distance|"First post, wish it could've been at least something funny :')  


So my boyfriend \[M23\] and I \[F19\] might each leave for a semester abroad next winter... He says he definitly wants to take on the challenge of a long distance relationship, while I'm not so sure. We've spent time apart with him going to England for a month and me staying in Germany, but I've made some bad experiences with long distance relationships.

My problem being: I fear that I'll become disintrested in our relationship if we're apart for this long. I love him, it's the most stable and most loving relationship I've been in but I'm afraid that I'll ruin everything once we're abroad. We've been together for 8 months now and I definitly do not want to break up but maybe to open the relationship a bit?   
Maybe someone has been in the same situation or has felt the same way and can help me not ruin things. 

TL;DR: My boyfriend [M23] and I [F19] might have to go long distance, but while he's completely sure it'll work out, I'm afraid I'll fuck it up by becoming disinterested."|retrosenpai|False|https://redd.it/ekgs8n|10|1.0|0|9|1|relationships
ekqai7|2020-01-06 06:47:18|I (23M) ruined my partner's (25F) life when I came into her life. I'm lost|"Long story short, we broke up despite the feelings. We want to try again in the future when we're healed but at the moment, I'm her depression's main trigger so it's best for me to distance myself so she can heal properly.

I gave her the happiest memories but I also admit that I was also the one who caused her depression to relapse. I tried to support her as much as I can and I accept her depression completely but unfortunately, I've already scarred her early in our relationship so no matter how much I try, I end up hurting her because of the trauma that didn't heal from the past. I want both of us to heal and I want to be a better person and partner while we're away whether she give me another chance to try again in the future or not.

Tl;dr: she recovered from depression, I fucked up and she relapsed,  I'm distancing myself to let her heal"|always62|False|https://redd.it/ekqai7|0|0.33|0|5|1|relationships
ekq9gh|2020-01-06 06:44:28|Me and my Ex still want to be friends after the breakup, but I'm unsure if that will work anymore.|"Me (M19) and my Ex (F19) recently ended a 5 year relationship after a brutal month and a half of talking things out. We both left the relationship with mutial love and respect for eachother, and we realized that we both had problems that needed to be worked out for us to both be happy together. 

I was hopeful and couldn't wait to continue having her in my life, but only two weeks after our romantic relationship had ended, she ends up dating a mutual friend. He was there for her throughout the breakup and supported her through her feelings which was fine, but I feel that it was too soon for her to start this kind of stuff and I'm incredibly hurt. This new guy also does not like me, or want her around me since she has disclosed some personal information about me to him. It no longer seems like what she said about wanting me to be in her life is true, and it seems she does not want to make time for me anymore. She is moving very fast with her new boyfriend in my opinion, since they have already spent 8 straight days together and are planning a vacation. (They have been friends for about half a year).

One of my problems with the relationship we had was that she no longer wanted to be intimate with me (cuddling, kissing, etc...). Origionally, I thought I was overanalyzing and regretted my feelings deeply, but recently she told me that I was correct to assume these things. This now makes me feel that there is a lot she isn't telling me and she might be only telling me what I want to hear, despite her re-assurance otherwise.

I feel incredibly conflicted since I'm still in love with her and want her in my life, but I'm not sure if that is healthy. I'm also worried that I'm exaggerating and these feelings are just from the fresh breakup wounds. 

TL;DR - Me and my ex broke up and want to still be friends, but she's seeing someone else now which is making it more complicated to keep her in my life. I also don't know if she still feels like being friends at all."|Frey_Mun|False|https://redd.it/ekq9gh|1|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ekq995|2020-01-06 06:43:58|My (18F) boyfriend (19M) talks to his ex regularly and it makes me feel weird?|"i'm not the jealous type, but for some reason i get a little weird knowing that my boyfriend is still very good friends with his ex. they dated during their sophomore year of hs, and as far as i kniw they regularly message each other and keep in touch, which is great, but i can't help but feel weird about it. i brought it up a while ago, and he said that there's nothing between them besides friendship, which is good, i'm just confused as to why i feel weird knowing that they talk to each other. 

i know i sound crazy jealous, but knowing myself i'm not the jealous type, so this feeling is all very bizzare to me. i also understand that people CAN be friends with their exes without romantic involvement, i feel really bad thinking about it and i need some help on how i can stop thinking about it. any tips on how i can not feel weird about it?

tl;dr current boyfriend still talks to ex regularly and i feel weird about it"|nayoungslover|False|https://redd.it/ekq995|1|0.66|0|4|1|relationships
ekq8l8|2020-01-06 06:42:13|I’m (20M) unsure whether to stay with my girlfriend (20M) after breaking my trust multiple times.|"Hi,

Me and my girlfriend have recently been having drastic ups and downs. I’ve had very bad anxiety and insecurity of my own towards her relationships with the people she talks to. Let me start by explaining the dynamic of the relationship.

In the beginning, me and my girlfriend fell into a complete teenage lust when we were in junior year of high school. She was a grade above me and was homeschooled. When we first dated, of course it was a childish and emotionally intense experience. Stupid jealously, great times, great memories. Everything was great. I myself fell into a depression. At the age I was, emotions everything felt intense and urgent. I didn’t feel ready or good enough to be in the relationship and felt so self destructive that we ended up breaking up on my terms. On a side note, I had a drastic suicidal episode which was my rock bottom to turn things around for myself. 

8 months passed and we got back together after a period of her ignoring me. This time around we were a bit older and knew a bit more. Things started off great and I got to fall back in love with the person I never stopped loving. As time went by my girlfriend started to grow jealous of the girls I was friends with. She would have emotional outbursts and constantly guilt me for cheating and demanded I stopped talking to a lot of my friends who were girls. I had one friend who would support my music and came to my concerts.  My girlfriend would deliberately not come just to make me feel guilty for inviting her, when I was offering for them to meet and the girl was very open to meeting my gf. This kind of behavior went on for at least 6-8 months into our relationship. I gradually caved and started to c

My girlfriend is bisexual. I’ve always known this and never cared and actually found it interesting. But we laid out boundaries about any gray area of what cheating is considered where she has a vast sexual history of mostly girls from a young age. I told her that anything she wouldn’t want me to do with a girl, I wouldn’t want her to do with a girl or guy or else I’d consider it cheating. 

So as I slowly lost multiple friends over her insecurities, I started to grow insecure and observing her friends.

One of her friends was someone she hung out with all the time, would get giddy at texts and constantly stay in contact with, was part of her life for at least half of the 2 years we’ve been currently dating. Another one was a girl she met on tinder as ‘just looking for friends’. 

During last summer, I came to suspicions that she had feelings for one or both of these girls due to her cuddling with them, sleeping over all the time, changing in front of each other, kissing on the cheek in photos, holding hands, and a lot of other physical and emotionally intense actions. I called my girlfriend out on this as we had already defined boundaries. I asked her if she had dated one specifically in the past.
She was very hesitant and admitted to dating and having a sexual history with one of these girls. She had hid this from me for over a year. 

I declared my anger towards this as it broke my trust as we had already established our boundaries on cheating and she completely used the “we’re just friends this is how girls talk” excuse you cover it up. I told her that I want her to stop talking to this ex or I will leave because of the lies and dishonesty she fed me. She agreed, I was pissed for a few days and then I FIRMLY redefined in detail our boundaries and consequences.

The other girl I referred to, my girlfriend and two other girls all decided to go on a girls trip far away from where we live. I found out on my own that my girlfriend took pictures of these 3 girls she had only recently met, completely naked in a bathtub together while away. My girlfriend originally never even mentioned this happened and I before seeing the picture I had an odd feeling about the trip. This friend of hers, talked shit about men all the time, was extremely obsessive and possessive of MY gf, and completely disrespectful of me. I gave her a gig that paid her $400 in two days when she needed money bad. Not even a single thank you. I gave them rides when we hung out and they would completely ignore me and be obsessively talking to each-other for the whole ride. This girl would sleepover my girlfriends and cuddle with her and my girlfriend claimed “she didn’t even want to but this friend liked to a lot and she didn’t want to say no”.

My dumbass self forgave her again.

Up till now, I found my girlfriends ex gf still engaging I her posts. I got tired of trusting my girlfriend to provide me details that held importance to me to be honest about, so I caved and scanned her phone while she was in the bathroom. I know it’s wrong but I needed to see if she was actually working in the relationship or just playing me. 

I found that my girlfriend talked to her ex-gf for 4 MONTHS after I declared her to stop talking to her if she wanted to be together. I found dialogue of “I love you”, “I miss you so much”, “when can I see you in person, “ we’ll make the magic happen”. I blew up and indirectly confronted her about this. She grew defensive and said that they were just friends and that’s how girls talk. I told her if she doesn’t mind, I’m gonna hit my ex up and tell her I love her.

She got extremely jealous and said it wasn’t the same thing and that I was doing it out of “spite”. She hardly seemed empathetic for the pain, confusion and insecurity she caused me. She just said sorry and she won’t do it again, just like every other time. I made the decision to give her a break from being together, as I’m going to Florida today and told her I won’t speak with her for a few weeks because I’m deciding if it’s even worth saving.

We have hung out almost everyday for 2 years and I have a vast love and admiration for her aside from this BS. I’m heavily conflicted as I weigh the pain of ending a relationship with someone I see everyday abruptly, and ending it for the sake of my sanity. Shes admitted that it was wrong to do, but something in me sits wrong that she doesn’t even care and acts out of self interest and anxiety. 

Based on the context and although I know no one has a better perspective of this than me first hand, do you feel this is something salvageable and worth forgiving for the good times we do have often? Or would the lying, crossing of boundaries, and disrespect be enough to call it quits? In addition, what are some good skills to deal with the post breakup trauma if it comes down to that.

Thank you and I hope you all can shed a bit of perspective on this for me, as I feel unsure and indecisive.


TL;DR: Girlfriend was friends with her ex-girlfriend for months and never told me. Has a trend of only being friends with girls who likes girls and is very physically and emotionally vulnerable with these people. I declared she stop talking to this ex and she slowly but never completely did for about a year. Is this worth working on or is the breaking of trust enough to call it quits?"|marcusb97|False|https://redd.it/ekq8l8|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekq5iu|2020-01-06 06:33:38|Anyone else afraid to lose their partner?|"Hi reddit,

The past few days i'm [F23] like really scared my [M22] boyfriend will break up with me. We've been together for a few months now and he was incredibly sweet when we first started dating. But the past month or two have been different, his texting tone is different than in the beggining. And that scares me because when my ex broke up I kinda saw it coming because of the off texting tone. 

Now my current bf mentioned that he's not a big fan of texting so I basically have nothing to worry about. But I still feel like maybe he doesn't like me anymore. I also mentioned to him that we're not as romantic as in the beginning, and he was like: that's normal, it's how these things go. 
I'm also a bit jealous because he has female friends from school that he goes out with and stuff. 

I just feel like asking him if he still likes me, but that would made me come off as weak and insecure. What would you people do? Am I overreacting?

TL;DR: Afraid of losing boyfriend, don't know if I should talk to him about it"|Itsfearless-|False|https://redd.it/ekq5iu|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
eknjtj|2020-01-06 02:45:20|Ex (26M) broke up with me (26F) and I wanted outside perspective|"My ex boyfriend (26M) broke up with me (26F) a few months ago and I wanted some perspective on it. I felt our relationship was good for the most part but looking back there were things that bothered me that I brushed aside and led to a crazy breakup

\--He had a bizarre lack of curiosity about my life and rarely asked me any questions. I was always very curious about him, asking about his opinions, hobbies, family, etc.

\--Once after sex, I told him we would have oral sex some other time because I wasn't in the mood and he did it anyway. He just said he wanted to after I asked him about it

\--He never asked my opinions or advice and never took any of my advice.

\--He never planned any activities or outings for us even though he wanted us to get out more

\--He told me once he liked to ""push the boundaries"" with jokes until people got offended and then he would know who his real friends were

\--He came up with all these alter egos like he would pretend to be a satanist, a teen girl, and a drug dealer and would come up with crazy stories involving these characters. He was introverted and this was his way of trying to avoid silence when he couldn't think of any conversations

\--He wanted me to be extraverted so I could come with conversations because he didn't know how to improve his social skills. As an introvert myself, I find this hard to grasp because there are tons of resources on this very topic

\--There was a time I was pretty anxious and I'm pretty sure he only listened to me talk about my worries because he felt it was his job as a boyfriend not because he actually wanted to hear about them and comfort me

\--He rarely texted me on the days we didn't see each other--it was me that did most of it. He didn't change when I asked him to text me more or send me more snap chats

\--I always got the vibe that I cared about him more than he cared about me

\--He thought I was a weirdo because I didn't have many hobbies or tried to be more social and had a hard time understanding this about me

\--His first girlfriend was quiet too and they had the same problems trying to make conversation. He knew I was introverted at the beginning but didn't do anything differently or share his concerns and it took him months before he realized we had the same problem

\--He had his doubts that I would be able to change my lifestyle to become more outgoing and was very surprised when I did. The night before we broke up I told him I had gone to a Meetup event but it took like 5 minutes to convince him I went because he thought I was lying.

\--He believed we had no common interests. We did but he never asked me what my interests were, so I didn't know he wanted to talk about them

\--He broke up with me a few months ago out of nowhere without sharing his concerns about communication issues and lifestyle differences. We got back together a week later and then he permanently broke up with me a few weeks later

\--He told me while we were together it would take a lot to break us up and that breaking up without trying to fix problems was stupid

tl;dr: Ex broke up with me due to communication issues and lifestyle differences. I'm curious what other people think of all this? Although its been a couple months, I can't get it off my mind and it's therapeutic to post this. A part of me wants him back because I genuinely enjoyed his company and I still have feelings for him but another part of me thinks that I can do better."|AppropriatePound6|False|https://redd.it/eknjtj|2|0.67|0|4|1|relationships
ekq3jd|2020-01-06 06:28:18|I feel like I am always hurting my girlfriend.|"

I’m just gonna begin this with an apology as it is probably over dramatic and depressing to some of you. My girlfriend and I have been going on for about a year and a half now. We are both 20. For the past nine months she’s been getting onto me for either my lack of communication which I agree I have had to an extent and for her feeling like I don’t put her before everyone else essentially. This most recent set of events involved me going out with my brother during the mid day while my girlfriend was working a double at her job. She serves and she planned on getting cut today around 8pm before she started her shift. She was almost certain she would get cut if she didn’t take a break during her two shifts which technically covered the whole day. After she got off, we had planned to go to a hookah lounge together. Anyways, I decided to go out with my brother since I don’t get to spend much time with him with me being in college and on winter break. We went to the mall because I was going to get the adidas ultra boost 19s since my current shoes have gone to sh*t. That whole process took about 2-3 hours since we had to meet up and just driving there took a good amount of time. Well my brother has a son who is about 9 months, and we had planned on to go get dinner after we had left the mall. I figured I had plenty of time with that 8 o’clock window as the time was just about 6:30ish. As I’m driving to the restaurant, my girlfriend texts me saying she’s off work. THIS IS  WHERE I NEED TO KNOW IF I MESSED UP AND HOW I CAN IMPROVE ON MY PART. So I call her to tell her that I actually had planned to go eat with my brother and nephew and asked if she would like to partake. She said no and I could tell that she was annoyed with the fact that I was doing something else as she was getting off work. So since I had already told my brother I had time since I originally thought the time was 8pm, I told her that I was gonna eat with him and head back to her place when I was done. Keep in mind I hardly ever see my nephew and this is maybe the 10th time I’ve seen him. So I pull up to the restaurant waiting on my brother since he had to pick up his son from the momma. Well things end up taking longer than expected and he said give me 15 min. Well 15-20 min go by and he calls me apologizing for it taking so long and tells me he will be back in another 15-20 min. So I just go ahead and decide to go inside and order drinks for us so things will get sped up. Anyways that goes by and we are in there for about 45 min to an hour. I leave and text her I’m heading back, which is about a 30 min drive back. She doesn’t respond at all so I know I’ve really pissed her off and I felt bad because the situation wasn’t fully in my control and I figured I should’ve just cancelled the dinner the moment she texted me telling me she was off. But is that right after I had told my brother and I had planned on seeing my nephew the few times I do get to see him? Like I get I had to make her wait which is shit, but I thought she would’ve at least understood it was because of family. Well I get back and I get the silent treatment and she leaves her room because I had walked in there and goes to her sisters room (they have an apartment together). Well she gets a blanket and moves to the couch after her sister wants to go to bed. I tried talking to her but she didn’t want to. I even said that I should sleep on the couch if anything since it’s her apartment. Well nothing happened so I went back to her room and gave her space hoping she’d calm down. Then about 10 min later she angrily comes in her room and says to me how she tried releasing her shift early and then left early just so she could be with me and we could go to the hookah lounge as we had planned. Which I really appreciate for her doing that. But what I did is completely wrong and that I don’t really care about her at all even after she got off early for me and how I made her wait for 3 hours. I get it. I messed up with taking too damn long from the moment she texted me. I honestly wanted to make the dinner quick at that point but I was stuck in a pickle on whether or not I should have just cancelled plans with seeing my nephew and brother just so I could go to the hookah lounge the moment she got off. Idk I don’t think she intends it but the way she says it to me makes me feel horrible. Like I feel awful for even trying to have dinner with them. Like I don’t really get to have those moments. She questioned why I couldn’t do that a different time. Well that was the time my brother was able to get his nephew on top of him not having work so I tried to fit it in thinking it would work. I just need anyone’s input because throughout this whole relationship I’ve felt like I’m always in the wrong and it’s always my fault. I just don’t know what to do sometimes. I care about this girl so much. I love her so much. It’s just hard to push through the bumps sometimes. She is also bipolar and depressed which I can’t fully understand. I get that might have to do with taking the situation out of proportion in my opinion. I just think that could’ve been so much less stressful you know? Like she could’ve been understanding that I was still trying to be considerate of our plans and wanted to see my brother and nephew. That was my first meal I HAVE EVER HAD WITH JUST THEM TWO. I thought she would’ve understood that. I wasn’t trying to stand her up. That’s what she told me straight to me face. That I stood her up. What is wrong with me. I feel so awful for hurting her all the time. Please help me. There’s so much more in this relationship going on but that’s just an example of an incident that happened today.

TL;DR: I just need to understand how to better handle these situations that I encounter. I want to know how to make her happy and whether or not this is an issue that points to me as the main problem since I feel like a failure in this relationship."|Ypiece|False|https://redd.it/ekq3jd|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
eklpey|2020-01-06 00:23:34|She [25f] had sex with another on vacation before exclusivity was agreed. Am I [24m] reasonable on calling it off?|"Hi all,

This girl and I have been seeing each other in a kinda fwb / sorta dating thing for a while now. The last month we were getting much closer together in a romantic way, but never agreed to be exclusive.

She is on a family vacation right now. She told me right before she left that while on this trip she was going to meet up with a guy she met and hooked up with in the past. That this was planned over the summer way before we were getting serious (True). She said this because she wanted me to feel free to do what I want while she was away.

I said no thanks, things have been much more serious between us, if you want to be with me romantically, you won't see that guy while on vacation. She became very upset, said it was just bad timing, that I was the best any guy has treated her, and she doesn't want to lose me. I stood my ground and said if you want to be with me romantically when you get back, then cancel. She then she cancelled on the guy (who was also travelling to get there). We never explicitly agreed to be exclusive. She still went on the vacation because this was primarily a family trip for her.

I have found out that the guy couldn't cancel his trip, and showed up. That resulted in sex. She didn't tell me directly, but admitted it when I asked her because she was being distant. She is justifying it that we never agreed to be exclusive, that this was bad timing because it was planned months in advance and he couldn't cancel. When I said ""Even if he showed up, you didn't have to have sex"", she was meek and how no response. She implied she would still like to start seriously dating now she is back and this is behind her.

I get she didn't cheat because we never agreed to be exclusive, but I feel very hurt nonetheless. Would any reasonable person not feel enraged and hurt here, or I am not being reasonable because we never agreed to be exclusive? I think I already know the answer, but would like support knowing no one would ever do this to someone they liked.

Thanks all.

tl;dr Things becoming serious but not official yet, she went on vacation and had sex despite me making it clear not ok with that. Continue seeing her?"|mp0295|False|https://redd.it/eklpey|4|0.6|0|34|1|relationships
ekq0xs|2020-01-06 06:20:55|Thinking of contacting my (30f) absent mother (50s)|"TL;DR! I haven't had contact with my mom in over 10 years. She recently married and is now active on Facebook. Should I message her? Where would I even start?


On mobile and I'm going to try and keep this short/spare the details. Just ask for more info if you think you need it. 



My mom left about 20 years ago. I was raised by my dad and his parents. I've asked them and they say they don't know why she left. No known mental health issues or drug problems. 


I've tried sending letters to her parents address for her, but from what I understand they didn't want her to have me, or to marry my father. According to him, after I was born he brought me to their house and they wouldn't come to the door to see me. So, those letters may have been thrown directly into the trash. None have ever come back, at least.


Anyway, I've found her on Facebook. I could send her a message and see that she's read it. I'd love to have some sort of communication with her, but I'd also settle for a ""please leave me alone."" I just want something, anything for closure. All I've ever had is complete silence. 


I did manage to get a hold of her over the phone 10 years ago - but it was a blocked number. She called a few times but upon learning I was close with my father, she stopped calling. Prior to that she seemed happy that I had contacted her.


I know she just got married, and I'm worried I'll disrupt her happiness by trying to contact her. I don't know if her husband knows much about her past.


So, should I contact her? How do I make that first contact? Is there a way to ask her why she left without sounding confrontational? Or should I leave it alone and try to move on? 


Side note - if there are any online groups for children of absent mothers please let me know. 


Thanks for reading."|okaynowaythrowaway|False|https://redd.it/ekq0xs|1|0.67|0|0|1|relationships
ekq043|2020-01-06 06:18:47|Friends don't spend money like me|"Lately I'm feeling more and more detached from my friends. I work all week, go out usually once in the weekend and aim for more ""upscale"" places. My friends are younger, used to study so they had less money than me. I tried to meet them halfway, sometimes even offering to pay the bill or ask them just a small amount. They all used to say that once they started working they would do these nice activities more often, offering me stuff to thank me etc. 
Now most of them has some sort of income, but they still tend to do the old ""cheap"" activities. Sometimes it's not even that big of a difference in money (less than 10 € for the whole evening) but they still make different choices. Haven't consumed something bought from them yet. 

I'm not saying they're wrong or they should follow my path, but I've grown less patient about the situation and I also feel a little bit ""cheated"" by their unfulfilled promises.

Has any of you ever been in a similar situation? How have you dealt with it? Thx in advance!

TL;DR friends spend money differently"|Flabbergasted50k|False|https://redd.it/ekq043|0|0.4|0|7|1|relationships
ekq019|2020-01-06 06:18:34|I (24F) and confused about my feelings towards my LDR boyfriend (29M). Is this common?|"Together we lived in a city and were together for a year and a half. It was pure bliss 

Unfortunately we had to start a long distance relationship 3 months ago. A month ago he called to break up with me but the next day he took it back and explained it as a protection break up to protect his feelings. 

It's taken about a month for me to feel comfortable being cutesy and kind of back to normal after we got back together. 

At the same time, the break up really shifted my feelings. I lost a lot of the infatuation. I feel more grounded which is good but I'm sad that bliss is gone. 

Lately I've been looking through photos of us and sometimes it just doesnt feel the same. My heart doesnt race when I see then as often. Sometimes it does and sometimes it doesnt. It used to all the time.

I'm visiting him next week and I hope it reconnects us but in still unsure what do to about these feelings...

I want to be with him and I can't see my life without him then why am I feeling so confused?

tl;dr - a year and a half of bliss together, 3 months ldr, bf broke up with my 2 months in we got back together now I'm confused but still love him and can't see my life without him. But no more butterflies when I think of him"|fleurdiver|False|https://redd.it/ekq019|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
eklfif|2020-01-06 00:03:20|How do I deal with doubts in a relationship and find out if she's right for me?|"So, I have been dating this girl for just over 3 months now, and we have been in a relationship for 3 weeks. When I was dating, I felt like getting ""serious"" with her was really what I really wanted, but now that we are a thing I am starting to get second thoughts.

She accepts me how I am, encourages me to grow in a way that is meaningful to me, we have fun and physically it is fine too. We have a very good influence on each other. We have been on holidays together and we had a great time.

But sometimes I get bored with her, she is very focused on her work, is not very outgoing and does not have a rich social life. Physically (though it is fine) I am not always that attracted to her (sex is nice, but kissing her sometimes feels like a chore). I don't feel like I want to introduce her to all my friends and family, I had that desire though, before I started doubting.

The thing is, these don't have to do with her necessarily, it could be that I am just scared of choosing one girl (over all others). In my life I am not good at choosing, I often like to keep my options open, not just in relationships but also in career and outside of work. I have a very broad interest and an active life. My girlfriend's more calm attitude is giving me a good mirror, she has a good influence on me, and I think spending more time with her will do me good. She also says that I have a very good influence on her.

We have agreed (after some emotional talks) that it's fine if I don't know if we fit together on the long term, and I am glad that I got the point across that it's not due to anything in her, but that it's just good to find out if our desires for a relationship and our values in life match up, and that that's a natural part of a starting relationship. I encourage her to have an open mind as well, to also stay in reality a bit and find out if I am really right for her.

I have said and I mean that I would like to explore the option of staying with her, and that I will let her know when I make up my mind. She says that I don't need to put pressure on myself and that it's fine to go with the flow for now. We can communicate very well, even about challenging things like this, we listen to each other and are able to learn to understand each other's perspectives. Those things are really great, and vital to have in a relationship, so I am grateful for that. On the long term it's a must-have to be able to communicate well, even when we get emotional, but on the short term (even if what we have now does not last) we are able to learn a lot about each other and about ourselves.

So, that calms me down, and I am glad that we understand each other now and agree on what we want for the coming time. However, the question that I have is how I can find out whether she is good for me, and perhaps how I can let our relationship and the attraction grow (without forcing it).

I am really open to ending it if necessary, but I don't think it is, and I even feel it's too quick to give up now. But I don't want to stay with someone just for the comfort of being in a relationship or because I benefit from it, or perhaps we both, unless we agree that that's the purpose - but our purpose includes those things, but it also includes finding out whether we are a match for life, and then building a strong relationship together.

I give myself a few months to find this out, just to go with the flow with her and not worry about whether I fit too much, but I will think more about that later after this time passes. This allows us more time to spend together, to get to know each other more and experiencing how this is. However, I would like to spend the months in such a way that I have a better position to make a good decision (from conversations with her, experiences with her, etc), so I wonder, how would you do this?

Any advice is welcome!

TL;DR I have just started a relationship after dating with someone for 2.5 months, and now I have cold feet. I see many good things in her and it seems to go very well, but I don't know if she's right for me, and I wish to find out. I wonder how I can do that."|theherculean|False|https://redd.it/eklfif|3|0.81|0|3|1|relationships
ekn306|2020-01-06 02:08:44|I (24M) have constant doubts about my relationship with my gf (28F) of 3 years|"TL;DR at the end

I'll try to keep the intro short:

I met a wonderful woman 3 years ago, and I was head over heels for her. She spent most of the time in my flat anyways and had to leave home (for unrelated reasons), so she just stayed. We were both so happy for about half a year.. 


Then it went downhill for a long time. 
She started getting very tired. Like sleep for 14 hours and still be tired. In the beginning, she tried to continue going to work, I was glad when she stopped (with a sick note) as I became very concerned for her safety in traffic, even as a pedestrian. She went from doctor to doctor, and a year later it was kinda sorted out: she was getting meds and felt a lot better. 


Unfortunately, she became very anxious about going outside during that time. Part of it because she was afraid her colleagues could see her and accuse her of faking it, partly because she couldn't pay proper attention to the traffic during that time. In the end, she couldn't even make the 500 meters to the next supermarket. 
Of course, she sought therapy about it (after it became apparent that it wouldn't resolve by itself). It took about 1.5 years and was very exhausting, but she can pretty handle her panic attacks by now. The only thing that still triggers them is work, but we're both pretty confident that that's just a matter of time. 


During all this time, I stayed with her, not because I had to but because I hoped for the first 6 months to return and because I deeply care about her. Don't get me wrong here, I'm very aware of my own issues and problems. We had an especially rough patch when I came out as bisexual to her about a year ago and couldn't handle all the feelings and emotions. We also both had depressive episodes. But we can handle that, as one will always take care of things when the other can't, as long as we work on our problems we can handle them. 



When she got better and those feelings and ""happy times"" didn't return, I started having doubts about the relationship. Nothing in particular, on paper she is the best person anyone could hope for. But all the little things, and on top of that, I have a big problem with FOMO as she's just the second person I ever dated. So I had exactly two partners (none of them male as I only became aware of my bisexuality when we were already together), and constantly ask myself ""what if"". I also had basically 0 self esteem when we started, it all developed when we were together (largely thanks to her), so I never really flirted, danced with random people, felt tension and kissed someone I didn't know (sounds kinda weird but I hope you get what I mean) or something like that. 

A lot of people (and googling) tells me that all that I miss and want to experience gets old very quickly. As far as I can tell, she is everything you'd wish for. But as I have no reference, I can't really tell if she's ""the one"" and I feel that no matter what I'll do, I'll regret it. If I stay with her I might regret that later on when I realize that she's not the one. If I leave her, I might realize that there are hardly any people as compatible to me as she is and that I was looking for an unrealistic version of love, and it'll be too late. 




TL;DR:
The first few months of our relationship were the best time of my life. Because of them, I stayed with her during the following 2.5 years, which were pretty rough because of medical issues on her side. I was hoping for those times and feelings to return. She's way better now (thank god), but I don't feel like I did before. I thought that it was just the honeymoon phase, but I constantly doubt our relationship. This kills me and I don't know whether I should end it or not. How can I decide on that?"|A_throwaway_132435|False|https://redd.it/ekn306|2|0.67|0|2|1|relationships
ekpnrq|2020-01-06 05:46:22|I might be moving with my Boyfriend (25M) and I (21F) am a little bit scared|"My boyfriend (25M) and I (21F) have been officially dating since a year ago but we’ve been seeing each other since a year and a half ago. We have spent SO much time together, we are inseparable and from the begging off all of this I was staying at his house like four nights at a week. We have never had a fight that lasted more than ten minutes in this whole year that we’ve been dating and the time we knew each other before that. We are great together and even tho I know I am very young I see in this a future. We even adopted a dog together. 

Right now he is needing to move out of his apartment, and he can’t move with his now roommate because he is moving out of town. He doesn’t know if he wants to move back with his mom, that’s actually looking for a place to live as well and we talk about moving in together because it’s seems like the better option for the both of us. The thing is I don’t want this to be because he didn’t had any other option, I love him so much and that’s why I want to move in with him, I want to come home to him and I want that he does this because of the same thing.

It scare me the routine or that he’ll get tired of me or me of him, but I don’t think so because I really freaking love him. I don’t know if I am pressuring things.

Any advices from anyone that have gone trough this? 

TLDR: me and my boyfriend might be moving in together and I’m scared that I am pressuring things and he will get bored of me or the routine"|catacral|False|https://redd.it/ekpnrq|1|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ekatn2|2020-01-05 09:20:48|How can I (19F) reassure my boyfriend (20M) about his insecurities of not being enough for me?|"TL; DR at the end since this got long.

Hello! I (19F) have been with my boyfriend (20M) for a month and two weeks but we've known each other for about four years, he is my best friend. 

I recently asked him out after months of debating wether I should 'risk' our friendship since I know that a break up would definitely damage our incredibly close relationship but I ultimately decided that he was worth trying my best. 

This month has been the happiest I've ever been in a long, long time. He is an amazing man, kindest and most loyal and loving. He makes me incredibly happy and I think we're a really good match, I feel we complement each other quite nicely.

We see each other every other day since he lives quite close to me and we have always been really physical with each other, especially when it's just the two of us. Today I went to his house around 5PM and the plan was to stay until 12AM to avoid conflict with my dad (again, completely normal for us). 

Around 11:45PM we started to make out but I tried to remain aware of the time since more than once we have gotten carried away. When the 15 minutes we had ran out, I started to move away to put my shoes on and told him it was time for him to take me home (it's a 5 minute drive).

While I was sitting at the edge of the bed I noticed he looked kind of shaken and really thoughtful. He is a really sensitive person and sometimes tends to overthink stuff up until the point that he gets anxious over it, so I asked what was he thinking about as I finished to tie my shoe. 

He snapped out of it and started moving to the edge of the bed to put on his shoes as well as he said something like 'Oh yeah, everything's okay, just... you know, you can tell me next time if you don't like it and we can just stop'. I stared at him for a bit since the answer surprised me and asked what he meant. He got slightly surprised by my answer as well and he looked kind of worried as he proceeded to tell and ask me to 'tell him directly whenever I didn't feel like fooling around instead of just enduring it'.

I felt greatly confused and told him I was enjoying it just as much as him, but that I lost track of time before and only noticed the hour when I was close to leaving so I couldn't stay to do much. He seemed to understand that but then immediately started getting teary-eyed and explaines to me that he felt like I could do better. I think I might have expected to have to talk with him about this exact feeling, since part of his humor revolves around self-deprecating jokes (which aren't as common now as they used to be between us) and constantly tells me how pretty and hot I am to him (I also tell him how handsome he is to me).

My heart squeezed ): I'm crazily in love with him and it hurts me to see him cry and knowing he doesn't feel enough. Among other things, he mentioned he felt like he was pushing me to have physical contact every time we hang out, that he didn't really deserve me and that I deserved someone better than him and I could definitely get someone like that easily. We talked a bit about it and I hugged him and told him just how important he is to me and just how I always have seen him as an equal and not someone inferior. 

I think the situation got handled quite well and we ended up in a comfortable note, we kissed goodbye as usual and said our I love you's.

I'm still really surprised and kind of sad that he feels that way since I know him, and I know that even telling him how I feel is not enough to calm all his thoughts. 

I would like advice as to how to reassure him/remind him just how much I love him. I constantly tell him and physically show it and I have even expressed that I'd like to spend my life with him. I'm just wondering if there's anything else I can do. 

Thank you so much in advance.

TL;DR: my bf asked me to not 'endure' our physical contact for him. When I assured him that it was something I enjoyed he broke down and explained he doesn't feel enough for me. How can I reassure him? Is there anything I can do aside from telling and showing my love?"|sadgoomba|False|https://redd.it/ekatn2|41|0.85|0|20|1|relationships
ekmwre|2020-01-06 01:55:12|I (M, 20) want to be alone for a month+ from girlfriend (19F)|"Hi,

Going to try and keep this short, hoping you all have some advice! :)

I have been with my girlfriend for almost 5 years, I am happy with her for the most part, and she is happy with me. 

We have seen/been with eachother atleast every week, 2-4 days per week for the past 4 years.

Our main problem is that especially the last couple years as I get older, I am craving so much more alone time, however my girlfriend wants to spend every second with me if possible, and it crushes her when I want to be alone (is this a anxious avoidant relationship?). 

I love my girlfriend, at least I think so? I haven't been in an LTR with anyone else. I hate when she is upset or hurt, shes beautiful, sweet, funny, and caring. With that said, we also share almost no hobbies or many similar interests besides the occasional TV show, I have tried talking to her about this but she brushes it off & has no interest in picking up hobbies, and I don't intend on forcing any on her.

Lately, I feel much happier when I am alone, I feel like I can do anything I want, and work on/be my self. I also feel wayyy more driven to work out, eat well, tidy up more, etc. when I am alone.

Parts of me wants to be single and experience life on my own. I feel like that is the classic ""grass is greener"" effect. I don't want to throw away a girl who I love & loves me back. It seems like a lose, lose. If I stay with her I am worried ill regret it later in life, especially if we end up splitting up in our 30s, but if I leave her I am worried ill be leaving something amazing & desperately want her back.

ANYWAY, I want to ask her for a month or two for myself to just be alone & ""figure myself out"" (corny, I know). I have 0 interest in partying, or anything social, I don't want to see anyone at all, I just want to work on myself without interruption at my own pace & discretion, for example better diet, exercise, try some hobbies, etc. I have no motivation to do this when my girlfriend is around, I don't know why but it just makes me uncomfortable trying to ""change"" when I am around her, it almost embarrasses me, I don't want to feel like this but I do. Is this an insane amount of time to ask to be apart from my girlfriend? Deep down do I just want to be single & I am too much of a coward to break up with her? I have no idea, help!

TLDR: I want to ask my girlfriend if I can be alone for a month or two so that I can work on myself. I am fairly certain she would not be okay with it at all & it would drive her crazy.

Thanks in advance if anyone can help, if you want some more info let me know."|kekothrowaway|False|https://redd.it/ekmwre|2|0.76|0|9|1|relationships
eki15z|2020-01-05 19:50:58|Not sure if I (18F) love my (23M) boyfriend anymore|"I [18F] an unsure if i love my [23m] boyfriend anymore.

we have been in an LDR since i was 14 and he was 18 (i know red flag) weve met up twice but it seemed great at the time. We clicked, talked about our future together and were certain we were going to end up together. Now i am unsure if he is what i want. I want alone time, he has to be there too, He makes me unfollow certain guys he doesnt like on instagram, like is that even normal? He gets very jealous and hell im not even sure if im ATTRACTED to him physically anymore. He wants me to go to college near him. I want what i want. He wants me to base my life around him but i dont want that. The reason im hesistant is because what if this is a phase, and im throwing this all away for nothing? What if i stick through another month and everything is ok? I just want advice whether to stay or go.
TL;DR
Should i leave my boyfriend of 3 years or stay in case its worth it?"|angelearth|False|https://redd.it/eki15z|4|0.77|0|10|1|relationships
ekmrte|2020-01-06 01:44:17|My (26 F) boyfriend (27 M) of 2 years didn’t do anything for my birthday|"My boyfriend and I have been together for about 2 years and are in a pretty serious relationship (live together, have a dog together, etc.) and he did absolutely nothing for my birthday. 

I know he’s broke right now so I wasn’t expecting any sort of expensive gift or dinner but he didn’t even make me a card or buy some $5 drugstore flowers. Just said “Happy birthday!” And tried to give me “birthday sex”...By the end of the day, I realized he really didn’t have anything planned at all and I was a little upset/quiet so when he asked me what was wrong, I told him that I was a little hurt that he didn’t do anything to celebrate my birthday.... so he immediately turned it around on me and said he was planning on cooking me dinner and rushed to the store last minute to buy some things to cook. 

I feel so upset, not because he didn’t buy me a gift/do anything to celebrate, but because of the lack of thought he had for me. He says he wants to marry me but I feel like he is so ungrateful for everything I do for him. This past month I almost drained my bank account supporting the both of us/covering him and I just expected at the very least a thoughtful card from this man who claims to want to marry me. 

Am I being a brat here? I did a lot to celebrate his birthday also, which he requested. (Dinner at his fav restaurant, thoughtful gift, birthday cake, went to his fav bar) and even though he’s broke I felt like he could’ve done SOMETHING nice for me that didn’t cost any money—like wash my car, make a homemade gift, etc.

TL;DR- my boyfriend didn’t do anything to celebrate my birthday and I don’t know if I’m being a brat about it after he tried to “make it up to me” later by cooking me dinner"|throwaway5677654321|False|https://redd.it/ekmrte|2|0.56|0|6|1|relationships
ekpg3k|2020-01-06 05:25:53|I don't know if it is time to break up. Advice Needed.|"I (18F) and my boyfriend (17M) have been dating for almost 8 months now. The honeymoon phase is over, and I know it's normal. But I'm concerned about other things now. 

In the past one month, we have had two-three fights/discussions in which we have considered breaking up. We haven't because we really, truly love each other and don't deem it fit to lose each other over petty arguments. However, I now have this constant, nagging feeling that we aren't right for each other. We do love each other and understand each other's crazy better than anyone, we have great chemistry, we make each other feel special all the time. But our opinions on a lot of matters differ. We don't agree on a lot of things, even though we share the same morals and values. I don't think even our long term goals are compatible, although it is still hard to determine that because we aren't out of school yet, this will become clearer in 4-5 months. 
 
This is my first relationship and I have had relationship anxiety throughout. It's worse these days because I am on the edge now. I can't think of losing him because it makes me cry and I definitely don't want to break up, I want to keep trying. I haven't seen him in a month now due to study commitments and might not meet often in the next few months due to same.

Some other personal signs that are worrying me are: I don't get butterflies anymore, I feel happy with his texts, but the butterflies are gone. I want to see him badly but can't help be nervous. I don't feel as strongly about him as I used to. 

Should I wait out? Maybe things will get better when I see him more regularly? Maybe it's the stress from my studies? I don't have anyone to talk to who can help me. I will talk to him too, in a few days when he is free. But I don't want to be this nervous mess right now. 

TL;DR: I love my boyfriend but don't know if it's time to break up based on stuff I'm feeling. First relationship, so need advice, thanks."|weirdogal3011|False|https://redd.it/ekpg3k|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekpcik|2020-01-06 05:16:51|My ex and I started talking again after a year with 0 communication|"So recently, my ex and I 'hungout' and blah blah blah, we ended up having an intimate moment and we essentially hooked up. But it felt like more, or at least to me. 
Prior to all this we've only begun talking again for about 3 months and before THAT we did not speak to eachother for over a year because we decided it was better not to etc etc. In that one year span, we both HAD a relationship also.
I am just curious as to if this means ANYTHING at all? My emotions are essentially confused right now.

MORE INFO
-My ex and I were like best friends before. Before we started dating we were super close friends for about a year and a half, so even after we started talking again after that 1 year, it felt like normal. Everything felt the same almost. Just thought I should point this out .

TL;DR My ex and I hooked up after a year without contact, does this mean anything"|yeetmeetspleet|False|https://redd.it/ekpcik|1|0.67|0|1|1|relationships
ekpcdy|2020-01-06 05:16:27|When/How to return an EX’s nice possession that you know they may eventually want back?|"I am a F(21) and he’s M(25)

          Our highschool didn’t have actual ‘letterman Jackets’ but the baseball team did get rather nice Jackets with the school emblem and the player’s name embroidered on it for the Seniors.  It was a ‘thing’ for them to let their Gf’s wear them. Long story short, we broke up. He angrily wouldn’t take it back. It was in the back of my closet for 3 years. We dated again shortly. We stop talking and now it’s been collecting dust for another 2 years. 

                    This is a great coat and If it didn’t have his name on it I’d wear it. I’ve thought about getting it re-embroidered with my own name or get another patch to cover it so at least it can be useable to me but I’d feel bad if he ever wanted it back :/. I thought about FB messaging his mother (since she paid for it and would probably care more about the memories) or just texting him one last time before I take his name off or throw it away. Advice??? This thing is really annoying to have and not be able to use.... also, we aren’t on bad terms but not good ones either. It was a very ‘ghosty’ ending on his part lol.

TL:DR! - I’ve had my ex BF’s nice high school ‘letterman’ jacket collecting dust for several years. Get rid of it, text him????"|AllyeGatorG|False|https://redd.it/ekpcdy|0|0.5|0|4|1|relationships
ekpcd2|2020-01-06 05:16:24|Why do I (24F) get so upset when my boyfriend (44M) guesses everything I try to surprise him with?|"Not sure if this question/issue is too nebulous to be asked on here, but I thought I'd give it a shot because I don't understand why I'm upset about this. 

So my (24F) boyfriend (44M) and I have been dating for a few months, and everything has been going well for the most part. Had a few hitches with intimacy but have talked about it and worked through it, and now we're back on track. But for the duration of our relationship, every time I try to surprise him with something he guesses what it is and for some reason I consistently feel upset about it and I don't know why. 

For example, for one of our first dates I took him rollerskating (a past time I had been recently getting into at the time). I had told him I'd pick him up at a certain time, and I told him to make sure he wore good socks, that's all I said. Then on the ride to the skate center he guesses where we were going! I was more surprised than upset, but now he guesses every time I try to surprise him with something, seemingly able to do so just from hearing a few details.

Another few examples: I got him a serger for Christmas (a serger is like a specialty sewing machine) because he loves to make his own clothes/costumes etc. I didn't tell him any details about it, the only thing that might have given it away is that I said I wanted him to ""open it early in case I didn't get the right kind so that I have time to return it"" and two days later HE GUESSED THE GIFT out of the blue! 

Final example happened today (pushing me to write this post) when I told him I wanted to pick him up around 9am tomorrow to bring him to a surprise place, since it's about an hour drive away. Then a few hours later we're at Wal-Mart looking at fabrics and he goes, ""are we going to a specialty fabric store tomorrow?"" And I got so mad I had to walk away, and I don't know why. I can't understand why I become so (seemingly irrationally) angry when he guesses my surprises for him. Reddit, please give me some insight as to why I'm feeling frustrated about something so inconsequential, because I don't get it myself. Why does this make me upset? Is there some underlying meaning behind surprises that I subconsciously apply? 

&#x200B;

TL;DR: My boyfriend guesses every surprise I plan for him, and I've been getting increasingly frustrated about this and I don't know why. Seeking self-reflection advice and/or insight into why I've been feeling upset about this."|espresso_patronum__|False|https://redd.it/ekpcd2|0|0.5|0|13|1|relationships
ekd0lt|2020-01-05 13:29:28|How do I (25F) get over having met my bf's (27M) ex fling?|"My bf and I have been together for around 2 years now. And I'd say we have a pretty solid relationship. Last year, I went on a holiday with him and a couple of his friends and one of the girls was someone he had slept with before. 

He gave me a heads up prior to me meeting her and explained that he assumed they were having a casual arrangement but she thought they were dating and he ended things. I was ok with it initially but after meeting her, I started to feel anxious about the entire situation. 

During the time we were on holiday, she'd try to strike up a convo with me and would always try to walk next to my bf and that bothered me slightly. My bf didn't seem to notice any of that. She's also a fairly quiet person so she never spoke much. 

I know my bf has no interest in dating her and he doesn't even speak to her anymore. And she has since stopped coming for group outings presumably because I'm around. Yet, I keep having vivid images of them having sex and it bothers me very much. I know it's of no fault of his yet it fills me with anxiety and has started to affect my sleep.

Has anyone been through this before? How do I get over this?

Tl;dr: met bf's ex fling who he does not care about, but started getting anxious. How do I get over this?"|rythlinger890|False|https://redd.it/ekd0lt|18|0.72|0|14|1|relationships
ekp9xc|2020-01-06 05:10:30|I (25F) am unsure how to proceed after my boyfriend (27M) revealed himself as racist.|" We’ve been officially dating (long distance - I’m in the USA he’s in a northern European country) for a little over 6 months after knowing each other for 3 years. A few weeks ago, I admitted that I had sort of dated a black guy for a short period (we hung out 2 times and for various reasons I decided it wouldn’t work) since we met 3 years ago. 

According to my boyfriend, this says a lot about what I want from a relationship. What it says exactly, he neglected to say. Also according to him, in his country, “only fat women date black men.” And because I don’t understand why this is a big deal, I don’t understand white men. 

I pointed out how racist this sounds, but he just said that he bases his opinions on statistics and personal experience. Also claiming that since he has black friends, he must not be racist. 

The fact that I dated a black man has made him question our relationship. Of course his reaction is making me question our relationship too. He has a lot of good qualities and I want things to work out, but this coupled with how difficult the last 6 months have been, I’m just not sure if it can or should. 

Is he really being as racist as I think he is? Should this be a deal breaker?

Tl;DR: boyfriend doesn’t like that I previously dated a black man, unsure how to proceed."|heyhayleyz|False|https://redd.it/ekp9xc|1|0.57|0|14|1|relationships
ekmewb|2020-01-06 01:17:07|what should I do when staying with my ex who doesn't love me, but I emotionally need him?|"There is a bit more information here:

1. I paid for the studio with my parents support, but he is just paying for the food for both of us. However, when he has money(£600), he will just use it on weed and games first (about £100), and save really little for food. When we really cannot afford for food, he will just ask his family for more money(£200), which I feel is irresponsible.

2. When we were together, he was looking for others on Tinder. That's mainly why I broke up with him. We met one year ago, and had been living together for 9 months. I recently found out he was using tinder and flirting with other girls for about 6 months.

3. He was my first bf, but he has had hundreds of girlfriends before. (I was shocked when he first told me this too, but its true). So now I feel, maybe he is just playing with me?(pls help here)

4. I feel he doesn't have any emotions on me anymore, since he constantly ignores my messages. He said I wasn't sexy and everything was gone long time ago. But I feel I need him. Since after we broke up, I couldn't sleep well at all, and I couldn't even manage my life as well as before I met him.

Tl;dr: what should I do when staying with my ex who doesn't love me, but I emotionally need him?

Edit:
I(22f) asked him(26m) to leave coz I paid for the studio, but it was when I was in another country, and I trusted him so he signed the contract for me, but all his family members know it's me who paid for the rent. However, he is threatening me saying that he signed the contract so it's basically his place and I'm the one who should leave (I am from another country studying in the UK, he's British).

I don't want things to be more complicated, but i really need help about what i should do?"|lijuanan|False|https://redd.it/ekmewb|2|0.67|0|9|1|relationships
ekmevo|2020-01-06 01:17:06|I (20F) feel like my boyfriend (24M) deserves better|"I know that there are many, many posts like this explaining pretty much the same situation but I'm a little lost right now and I don't know where to go to.

My boyfriend is the most incredible person I've ever met in my life. He's warm, kind, compassionate, affectionate, patient, endlessly loving, funny, basically everything you could ever want in another person. We've only been together for three months, but we've been friends for quite a while now and we've been pretty much best friends for the majority of the time we've known each other. I've never met anyone that I have clicked so strongly with and it's the most wonderful thing. Our relationship and bond is really strong and being with him feels like a dream, I can't see myself ever wanting to be with anyone but him. He makes me endlessly happy and I trust him with my entire heart.

We are also long distance, he's from Canada and I'm from Australia. I know that for a lot of people that being long distance is a make or break but we have been managing well so far. It's not ideal, but it works for us. We were fortunate enough to meet last September with a group of friends before we started dating and it was one of the best experiences of my entire life.

I struggle a lot mentally, I've never been formally diagnosed but sometimes I feel like I can be a huge burden on him. I'm currently in university, studying to hopefully be a veterinarian one day so I'm often busy doing placements for weeks at a time. We don't usually get a lot of time together because of our timezone difference and it's even harder when I'm busy. It tends to get to me a lot and my mental plummets. Our group of friends is also currently meeting up again, like we did in September, but I'm the only one not attending (even though I was the one who suggested we meet up again in the first place) and it's been very difficult for me to handle. It's complicated but long story short, I have a very controlling family and they didn't give me permission to go.

I can become very withdrawn and distant from him even though I know I want to be around him. I don't say it often but sometimes when I'm at a low I tell him I think he deserves better, which I know I shouldn't do but I really do feel that way most of the time. I feel like I don't have a lot to offer to our relationship, I'm not a very interesting person and I don't know what he sees in me. A lot of the time it's him consoling me when I'm at a low and I've barely had to do it for him in the time we've been together. I feel extremely guilty about it. I don't want him to have to worry about me. I'm always caught between wanting to accept his support and not wanting to be a burden on him. It's always me who needs to be cheered up and supported and I don't want to drag him down with me. He struggles, too, but he's so much better at handling it than I am and I never have to be the one to console him.

It's something we talk about a lot and every time he tells me that it isn't a problem. He has never complained once and has only ever given me love and patience. He is always loving and affectionate to me, no matter how upset and unresponsive I am. He says he will do anything for him and believe him entirely, and I would do the same. But I feel so much guilt whenever he says that because I feel like I'm so much to handle. 

I want to be able to put my insecurities and worries aside for him so that he doesn't have to be constantly giving me reassurance. I don't want my behaviour to become toxic, I'm very afraid that the way I act when I'm at a low is bordering on that already. Does anyone have any advice for me? I'm sorry this post got so long and ramble-y, I didn't intend for it to be. Also sorry for any errors, I was in a little bit of a rush to write this all out.

**TL;DR: My loving boyfriend is the most wonderful person I have ever met but I feel like he can do so much better than me, what do I do?**"|miservee|False|https://redd.it/ekmevo|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekadi4|2020-01-05 08:27:16|I’m(27M) chronically depressed, should I tell gf(26F) i May never really feel love?|"I should preempt this by saying I’m already in therapy, but I think you can only get so many answers from introspection and some require a little bit of a world view, I guess. Also I’m on my phone so sorry for errors in advance. 

Anyways.

I’ve been seeing Sarah for 9 months now. Our relationship is great, we see each other primarily on weekends, but live about an hour apart and can’t really change that for a while. We’re both busy so it works. We share the same priorities in life, same family goals, similar professional goals, similar values, etc. Shes objectively amazing, and everyone in my life thinks we’re a great match. 

I can see a future with Sarah, I see a life with her, and am actively planning towards it. There are a few challenges we need to over come where are paths potentially conflict with each other but we discuss them at length and are trying to prepare/avoid them. 

However...I’m chronically depressed. And part of it is I don’t really “feel”, at least not to an extreme degree. My emotions have ALWAYS felt muted. If you can feel positively something from a range of 0 to 100, it feels kind i like I start at -50, so the most I can ever feel is 50, as it’s very easy to hit -100 This is how I’ve been my entire life. I’ve never been someone who jumps up and down in excitement, never been someone who laughs with no end in sight, never been someone to feel super passionate, etc. 

I was married, now divorced, and the way I feel about Sarah feels the same as I did my ex-wife. Sarah and I say I love you, and I’m confident I love her. But...it doesn’t really feel like anything special. That brings forth a lot of doubts for me, I guess I’ve always thought that maybe my ex just wasn’t right for me and maybe I’d run into someone and suddenly I’d feel more than that 50, you know? But, no. I could go on for hours about how amazing Sarah is. About her intellect and humor and kindness, her passion for her work, for people, how gorgeous she is, how witty or charming or smart she is. All of these things. But, nope, just 50.


It’s pretty hard to tell, maybe I love her, but I’m not in love. Or maybe I’m in love and this is just all I feel. It’s hard for me to feel like I wasn’t in love with my ex. The pain I felt after the divorce was real but it’s hard to tell if it was heartbreak or the realization of many of the fears my anxiety manifested leading up to it. So if I feel the same way certainly I’m in love with Sarah right? 

Anyways, it’s getting to the point where I’m starting to wonder if I should talk to Sarah about it. She deserves to be with someone who loves her with everything, which I am, but my everything feels like only half as much as what someone else might be able to give her. It also feels unfair to be making this decision for her, maybe she’s happy with 50. Maybe she’s not. She’s seems, and says she’s, plenty happy now. Bu is it fair to have someone blindly except less than what they could have? The last thing I want is to keep her in this relationship for however long and then it comes to this point where she wants more from me and it just isn’t happening. 

I guess that’s what advice I’m looking for. Has anyone else with mental health conditions felt this way? How have you navigated it in your relationships? Is this a conversation I need to have, and if so how?

TL;DR: I’m chronically depressed and feel like I’m shorting my gf on a more fulfilling relationship because I don’t feel emotions as strongly as normal people, not really sure what to think about this and would like some advice."|Sadnstudf|False|https://redd.it/ekadi4|41|0.9|0|12|1|relationships
ekoxv2|2020-01-06 04:40:59|Dating seems impossible for someone like me. I need help.|"I'm 20 and I've never had a girlfriend. I'm 6'4"", have a six pack, go to the gym often, go to school, and work at my job as a cashier. You'd think that maybe I'd have some sort of luck with girls, right? Nope. I never had a lot of people to talk to in highschool because of the certain classes I was in that kind of limited people to talk to. Now that I'm out of highschool, I'm going to community college and talking to girls is kind of tough because I can't build a bond with people if I only see them for an hour a few times a week. Even then, we cannot talk in class. I started tinder a few weeks back and got quite a few matches and likes. I thought luck was on my side and that maybe I'll be happy and not be a loser who can't find a date!! Nooooopppeee. Girls on there don't even know what they want, and I know it's labeled as a ""hook-up"" app but a lot of these bios I read tell me they are looking for a relationship. Some of the girls I met on there just want to be friends, others were obviously looking for attention and people to follow their social media. 

Now I feel like I'm sincerely screwed. People always told me to go online and now that I have and haven't gotten anywhere so far, I feel like I'll be that laughable loser that everyone likes to pick on for still being a virgin. I've been told I'm handsome by many people, I even matched with some extremely pretty girls. That still won't get me anywhere. I feel like I'm the only one who is in this situation because everyone else I know has had sex before. It makes me hate myself for not being accepted. It makes me hate others for not accepting me, because I always wonder why. How will I meet girls if they are being bombarded by guys on their phones and even in public? Theres a class I had and multiple guys would hit on the girl that sat next to me, so obivously competition is not just on Tinder. I don't like partying, I don't like smoking (as much, getting caught is pretty easy in my area), I don't like drinking, and I have anxiety that gets so bad to the point where I have panic attacks and vommit because of it (I will mention that I grew up with alcoholics, so I know the damage it causes over-time which cause me to stay away from excessive drinking. Getting drunk is fun once in a while, though). The reason why I mentioned all that is because another go-to people like to tell me is ""just go to bars and clubs"" and I'm only 20, but even when I turn 21 I feel like that isn't really for me. I could change, but for now I don't feel comfortable going to such places. I'm sorry if I sound like a total buzzkill, but that is who I am. I like to be sober most of the time. I am also naturally introverted, which I think is a curse because I want to engage with people but I also value time to myself when I don't want to talk to anyone. 

I know this is a dating subreddit, but I am begging all of you for some sort of hope. Some guidance. I need it badly. I was thinking today and I wondered how I'm going to get out of this rut I'm in? I got suicidal and felt kind of dead inside. Sorry for sounding like a doomer but that's just me telling all of you the truth about how I feel. If you took the time to read this, thank you.


tl;dr: How does a lonely guy in his early 20s find himself a girlfriend?"|User7482848|False|https://redd.it/ekoxv2|1|0.6|0|11|1|relationships
ekowyv|2020-01-06 04:38:53|College relationship|"I (f18) recently started my first ever relationship with a guy (m18) that lives in my college dorm. It's a pretty weird dynamic.

We have pretty different friend groups. He has one really large close friend group, while I have a few friends that I hang out with individually.

He spends 90% of his time with his friend group. It would be really cool to join in with them occassionally but he always seems to be uncomfortable when I'm around them, like we're 2 separate worlds of his life. They're also not particularly welcoming or approachable to me.

It's gotten to the point that when I see him and his friend group hanging out around the dorm, I actively avoid them or leave. Which is so stupid because I should feel comfortable approaching someone I'm in a relationship with at any time.

I feel really amazing when I'm just hanging out one on one with my boyfriend. But he's ways leaving me for his friends and spends way more time with them. I just end up feeling kind of lonely and sad, knowing my bf is literally in the same building as me but I can't even go up to him and hang out.

tl;dr:My bf spends almost all his time with his friends and doesn't feel comfortable including me with them"|ramentato|False|https://redd.it/ekowyv|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekm1pq|2020-01-06 00:48:53|I need to let my ex-boyfriend go, but am attached to him because I am afraid of being alone. Advice?|"I've been seeing my ex-boyfriend ""Ryan"" for about 9 months now. I moved in with him about three months into the relationship and to clarify, we are both 19 years old. To give some background, growing up my parents were never there for me emotionally and I had a difficult time all throughout my years in high school. I didn't get along with my dad and my mom allowed his behavior and didn't ever do anything about it. My dad is the type that thinks tattoos and nose rings are ""skanky"", thinks teaching isn't an acceptable career, (the career I chose to follow), doesn't accept any opinion that is slightly different than his own, judgmental, aggressive, etc. My parents are also the type to say ""kids can't have depression because they don't have real-world problems"", and ""just get over it"", lol.  My dad always told me that I was the problem. I was always alone and felt like I didn't have anyone that I could go to for help.

I was bullied and had a hard time making lasting friendships and developing a close bond with my parents, so I mainly got my fulfillment through various unhealthy relationships. In relationships, I felt like I was enough and really enjoyed having someone around all the time because it felt like I actually had someone. I wasn't completely alone with my thoughts and relied a lot on others to make me happy/content. Recently going through therapy I have realized that due to my home-life, I have a very unhealthy attachment style and cling to people because I am desperately afraid of being truly, alone. I really want to change and learn how to thrive being alone, but it is hard for me to make the first step in doing so because this is the only way of living that I've ever known.

After a couple months of living together, I realized that I moved in way too soon and obviously got to know him and his tendencies very well. To sum it up, we are incompatible. We both like to talk about very different things and he is an intelligent person. I often felt dumb around him and I am still very insecure about it. I felt like I needed to learn as much information as I could about different topics that he enjoyed just to talk to him. He wants different things in life than I do, and very much so disagrees with the typical idea of an American family. He thinks that working the 9-5 life is very boring and absolutely isn't something he wants. (Which is totally okay, however I love the idea of a big close family and I don't mind the thought of a 9-5 life). 

We have a lot of other issues as well. ""Ryan's"" parents completely support him, as in his rent is paid for, they send him money for groceries, etc. That's no problem, my problem is that Ryan wouldn't tell his family that we were living together so that he could charge me rent and profit the other half of our rent and put it into his pocket. He always tries to justify it and claims that I'm just trying to get free rent, however I just wanted him to tell his parents so that it wasn't unfair to them. At first before moving in together, Ryan said I could pay ""rent"" in the form of buying us any activities we wanted to do which he called ""fun stuff"". Ryan has a bad work ethic, and didn't have a job for almost as long as I have known him. He tried getting jobs at Rolex, Burberry.. all these high end places that never called him back when he could have just gotten any other regular job. On top of this, he wouldn't even try to stay together and see how living apart would be. He said that we can only remain together if we live together. 

Ryan would max out his credit card even though his parents paid off his balance before, asking him only to not do it again. He often complained about not having money and spent his grocery money on Juul pods and alcohol, getting drunk almost 4 times a week at times. I started to resent him and to sum it up, I have no feelings for him anymore. I've since moved out and started to better myself. I start volunteering soon, picked up a 2nd job as a nanny, plan on getting a gym membership/eating healthy, etc. I love my new apartment and I feel like I can finally be comfortable and myself. I always felt like I needed to be doing something when I lived with him, as he was always going out and drinking with friends, while I am an introvert and prefer hanging with a small group of close friends.

I am having a very hard time truly letting him go because I am attached to him, and he is still somewhat comforting to me. (I realize this isn't okay). I am terrified of being alone but know this is something I NEED to do. I guess I'm just looking for some advice anyone has every been through this before or anyone willing to give me their input.

TL;DR I need to let my ex bf go, but I am terrified of being alone and need advice."|crazychick1876|False|https://redd.it/ekm1pq|2|0.76|0|7|1|relationships
ekorrj|2020-01-06 04:25:48|My ex's don't acknowledge that I ever dated them and it hurts to hang out with them as friends.|"This is my first ever post on reddit period, so I apologize. Just got back from a weekend event with the above mentioned friends and I didnt have 100% fun and wanted advice.

I am a 28yo Female and the other two in the relationship are a 30yo female and a (now)29yo female.

I entered a polyamorous relationship about 4 years ago with two friends who were already in a relationship. They approached me and said they have always liked me and wanted to try a relationship. I was just getting back on my feet after being in another long distance toxic relationships (on both sides, I'm not excluded).

I jumped at the chance because I have always liked them but also knew that they loved each other and I was okay with that. At that point they opened their relationship to me and I thought it would be amazing. 

I have depression and probably some form of anxiety, and I am also a huge push over, so at the beginning of the relationship I felt loved. As time went on, not wanting to voice my desires, I started to be in the peripheral. 

Also, they let me know they wanted to try a relationship with me right after I signed a lease with them and was in the process of moving in. 

So I lived with them, they had their own room being an established couple before our relationship started. My other best friend was weary of it but also super excited for me (as best friends should be).

As time went on, I started speaking out less and less as they continued to be the couple they have been for 5+ years or so. I dont like being a bother so I didnt say much about what I felt. This caused my depression to skyrocket and made me lethargic and antisocial. They noticed something was wrong and tried to get me to tell them but how could I tell them that I just wanted to feel included in the relationship that I was technically in? (I know I know, poly is all about communication, my first f up)

After a year of that, I kept hoping that it would all work out. But with the lack of communication and other outside forces at work, I made the decision to call it quits. On top of me having to watch them cuddle and kiss on the regular, I was also told I am the most depressed person they've ever known (that stayed in the old intrusive thought vault for yeeears)

Side note, I am borderline asexual so there was never anything physical between us. Though they fucked on the reg.

So I withdrew into myself as I lived with them for another year. After the break up they continued on as if nothing happened. It was the worst feeling in the world because it just drove the point home that they may have just been trying me out (or that's what it felt like).

I wanted to distance myself from them as much as possible, but they were the closest (distance) friends I had in my town...so I didnt have anywhere else to go really. I tried all forms of forcing the feelings down, mostly in unhealthy ways.

I moved out when our lease was up after the second year because I didnt think I could do that to myself anymore. My year alone was nice but again, they were the closest friends distance wise so if I wanted to hang with anyone it would probably be them.

While this is happening, they continue to just be friendly which is nice, but I never got closure. 

I am still friends with them to this day and I can handle them on small doses but this weekend I went to a big event and shared a room with them and another couple, being the only single person there. It's was torture everytime they made eyes at each other or held hands. I understand that these feelings are irrational and they should be allowed to do couple things with each other no matter what. But it does still hurt to know that I was probably nothing to them. Just a friend that they could kiss from time to time.

They care for me and want me to be happy but I do get pretty sad thinking that I'm the one who caught feelings while they didn't.

I'm trying to move on and meet people and I am seeing a therapist but I dont want to lose them as friends. I just want it to stop hurting when I hang out with them.

How do I get over this?

tl;dr
I'm still friends with my ex's who I was in a poly relationship with and who seem to have swept our past relationship under the rug to never talk about again. How do I move on without confronting them and possibly losing that friendship?"|rdvlvtnrd|False|https://redd.it/ekorrj|1|0.6|0|7|1|relationships
ekorgi|2020-01-06 04:25:03|I [19F] really want to make more friends that are girls|"I've never been great at making friends with other girls and I really want to have some girlfriends I can just hang out with. Someone to chat with and have a girl's day out or something. I have a full time job, and I live with my boyfriend which is great, but... I just want a friend I can unwind with and go to the mall with or just hang out and watch movies with. Is there anything I can do to try to connect with girls in my area? I just truly want some close friends.

Tl;dr- I want to make friends with more girls. How though?"|snakehandsjimmy|False|https://redd.it/ekorgi|1|0.67|0|3|1|relationships
ekompu|2020-01-06 04:13:48|Typical teenage relationship different college post|"I hate to be a cliché but I keep freaking out and getting sad because my (m19) girlfriend (f18) is graduating high school soon and the closest school she’ll probably attend is 150 miles away. There’s a good chance she might go to a different state entirely for school. We were best friends for a year and a half before we started dating and now we’ve been together for almost a year. We always talk about the future (marriage, kids, houses, jobs, dogs, etc.) and she feels a loooot more confident about us staying together throughout college than I do. She’s a super outgoing person so I know she’s gonna make a lot of friends so I’m just nervous she’ll forget about me, find someone else, or just decide that being single is more fun. I don’t wanna keep talking about it to her because I’m sure it gets annoying and it won’t make a difference anyways so I’m hoping you can all offer words of wisdom. I love her so much and I know she loves me too .... I know the probability of us making it is technically low but ugh... y’all to me nice reddit. Please 😣

TL;DR: My (m19) girlfriend (f18) is going away for college soon and I’m freaking out. We were best friends for a year and a half and now have dated for a year. I’m freaking out. Thoughts?"|zaddyzee|False|https://redd.it/ekompu|1|0.67|0|0|1|relationships
ekogfp|2020-01-06 03:59:20|Am I being selfish?|"My boyfriend (23 M) and I (23 F) have been dating for 7 years, we are each other's first real relationship, and he's my best friend.

I recently received a job offer 4 states away and am torn on what to do. In the past, we've discussed our relationship and agreed that we don't really see a future with each other, as we have different goals and motivation, and agreed that we would end things when it felt right.  

My moving seems like a natural trigger for our breakup, right? However as the date I have to leave gets closer, I find myself terrified and not wanting to break up; I'm moving to a completely new place where I have no one, I can't bear to have to deal with  breakup on top of it. I still love him very much and want to try long distance, but he's mentioned doesn't like the idea of long distance. We've agreed to try it for a few months but I find myself scared of the idea that he might not be willing to keep the relationship going. I feel selfish as hell for even pushing it, and I think deep down I know it might be time to end it, but we still love each other so much and it's so hard to let go of the years we've had together. I'm scared that I'm being selfish and unfair in making him stay in a ldr when he might not actually want one. 

Tldr; I'm moving away and want to try long distance, but I fear that I'm being selfish and pushing it for the wrong reasons."||False|https://redd.it/ekogfp|1|0.67|0|3|1|relationships
ek7b8f|2020-01-05 03:25:25|SO (35/m) constantly accusing me (29/f) of cheating. Together for 10+ years|"
I work full time and he’s a stay at home dad who works once a week. If I’m home with the baby that day, he accuses me of meeting up with someone. When we are off together, he says I hide in the bathroom to “text my boyfriend and hide from the baby” when in reality I’m pregnant, have had diarrhea since week 6, and usually bring the baby with me. Every time I come home, he runs to the bathroom with his phone for at least half an hour. He’s on his phone for hours every night after I go to bed and is on his phone constantly when we are together. We work at the same location and he always accuses me of saying things about him behind his back bc “people look at him weird.” 

After I work my 60 hr week, I’m expected to do at least 90% of baby care, help clean (since it rarely happens on my work days), run errands, and go grocery shopping. If I try to do anything by myself, he will find a way to make sure I don’t go although he makes sure to have his time including taking trips out of town to hang out with his friends. When I’m at work, there are many days of him having his mom watch the baby while he hangs out. He says all I do is try to control and gaslight him. Our baby said I love you to me for the first time today (which he already did to him) and instead of being happy, he simply said he didn’t believe me. 

I’m starting to resent him and feel like he just uses me for money. He says he would never do that but when I say let’s put the baby in daycare, he freaks out. I feel like I need time away from him but don’t know how to approach this with the baby and one on the way. I feel like life would just be easier without all the fighting and drama. Advice please? 

Tl;dr husband accuses me of cheating, lying...feels like he’s using me for $/cushy lifestyle."|throw111333away222|False|https://redd.it/ek7b8f|93|0.92|0|74|1|relationships
ek02fn|2020-01-04 18:09:36|I [19f] caught my stepbrother looking through my personal items/clothes. I feel so uncomfortable and embarrassed, not really sure how to handle this?|"Hello everyone, I have been a lurker for awhile but now I actually have a problem that I'm a little embarrassed and afraid to ask/tell my father about. He has just recently married a woman (my stepmom) who has moved in with us and brought along her 2 kids with her (who are 15&16 yr. males). Things have been a little awkward at first as I've never really been around a lot of boys or males in general other than my dad. 

Yesterday I went out and when I came back in the early evening they were home there alone. I wasnt being particularly quiet or anything, so I assumed they would have heard me come in. So when I went upstairs to my room I did not expect to see the oldest one standing there looking through my stuff. My drawers were all open and he had a pair of my panties in his hand. Some of my bras were on the floor too, and my other drawers were now all a mess. I was so shocked in that moment that I couldn't do anything but stand there, and he dropped the panties on the ground and went into his room, not even saying anything to me. 

Later, when my dad and stepmom came home, we had dinner, which was so uncomfortable. They were both acting so strange and hardly spoke. I couldn't really speak either, as much as I felt like I should have said something. This happened yesterday and now I feel like I cant leave my room because I'm afraid of stuff being messed with. I feel like because I'm older I should have said something to him myself, but for some reason I can't. It's too embarrassing to even tell my dad, and I dont want to cause any trouble between him and stepmom. 

I don't know. Maybe if was a misunderstanding. But if it really was him being creepy, I don't even know how I'm suppose to love in this house comfortably anymore. Please, I just need some advice?

**tl;dr**: Caught my stepbrother looking through some of my personal items and now things have been awkward and uncomfortable. Embarrassed and scared to tell my dad about this, not sure what to do?"|Creeped_out_help|False|https://redd.it/ek02fn|502|0.96|0|146|1|relationships
ekoct5|2020-01-06 03:50:11|The girl I have been seeing says she needs more time before we make it “official”. I’m so goddamn anxious and I need some advice|"
I (26M) have been seeing a girl (F22) for about six weeks now. She is a friend of my friend’s sister. We hit it off the bat really quickly and have been talking everyday since right before thanksgiving. We’ve been purposely taking it very slow as both of us have just gotten out of LTRs over the summer. She spent Christmas with my family and friends and I spent New Year’s Eve with her friends and her. 
This Friday I finally decided to ask her if we can make it official and gathered the courage to do so after our date. 

I asked her while we were laying in my bed and after I asked her she basically said “don’t get mad at me, but I have to say no for right now. I don’t think I’m ready to be in a relationship. I’m still not over my ex. He’s always in the back of my my mind, he still messages me and bothers me and I don’t want to put you through that. It’s not that I don’t like you, cuz I do. And it’s not that I don’t want to date you, because I really do. I just need to get past all of that first. It wouldn’t be fair to you to have to deal sith anything like that. So just for now it’s gonna be a no”

Needless to say I was kinda caught off guard. But I completely understand and after we talked about it I told her to take as much time as she needed and that I would wait. And they when she was ready I would be ready. We agreed to still continue what we are doing and still saw each other last night and stayed up late last night talking too. And I’m seeing her tomorrow.

This all still sounds good, because I know i still have a shot with her, and I know she still wants to because obviously she still wants to see me. But I have an anxiety disorder and it’s been killing me since Friday night and all I can think about  is her going back to her ex, rejecting me fully or her meeting someone else

This is all a big rant and I’m sorry but I just needed to get all of this off my chest.

TL;DR gracefully rejected by the girl I have been seeing, she’s not ready to make it official but still wants to see me until she’s ready. I’m an A N X I O U S W R E C K"|pepesilvia9369|False|https://redd.it/ekoct5|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
eko92r|2020-01-06 03:41:43|I [23F] am conflicted on what to do/who to be with...|"My boyfriend [24M] of 2.5 years and I have recently had issues. Coincidentally and unrelated I reconnected with my ex [27M]. I have thought about the possibility of my ex and I getting back together (kind of a “what if”). My ex and I ended abruptly and left a lot of things unsaid. I am 98% sure he still has feelings for me.

I made a pros and cons list for the both of them. I don’t know what to do. Ultimately I want myself to be happy especially in the long run. I don’t want to make any rash decisions or do anything I might regret.

Boyfriend

Pros:
* Rational thinker 
* Financially stable
* Great family
* Accepting/open minded
* Listens well
* Thoughtful
* Loyal/honest
* Home body
* Self motivated

Cons:
* Lack of desire to plan
* Doesn’t always engage (sometimes it feels like we are roommates who happen to sleep in the same bed)
* Slight temper/hard headed
* Emotionally distant

Ex

Pros:
* Financially stable
* Emotionally present
* Traveling/active lifestyle
* Doesn’t want kids (I don’t want kids either, boyfriend isn’t sure whether he does or not)
* Doesn’t drink (I don’t drink, my boyfriend does and it doesn’t bother me but it’s a nice plus that my ex doesn’t either)
* Home body
* Believes in sentimental value
* Wants to take care of something

Cons:
* Dysfunctional family
* Extremely frugal
* Dependent upon video games
* Past history
* Unmotivated

Note: I made a whole long winded post earlier, sorry about that...

tldr; I am considering getting back with my ex especially after recent issues with my boyfriend. I am nervous about my happiness in the long run."|anonononon0mys|False|https://redd.it/eko92r|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekh7fa|2020-01-05 18:53:27|I (25f) don’t think it’s normal to discuss past hookups in detail but my bf (25m) does?|"I can’t tell if I’m being emotionally abused or if I’m just a terrible person

Sorry for the long post.

My boyfriend,J and I have dated on and off for about 5 years. Over a year ago I initiated a break up after I realized that he was emotionally abusive; he had isolated me to the point that I was made to feel guilty whenever I hung out work friends (so I no longer had friends of my own) barely saw my family, he’d talk down to me and berate me and would get extremely angry with me and either yell, or shut down without telling me why he was angry. This went on for too long, and I finally had the courage to leave. During our time apart I dated other people. Not really expecting anything, but eventually I dated a guy for a month who showed me what a healthy relationship was, as my previous had been my first and only relationship. We ended up not working out due to personality conflicts but we ended amicably and it just overall was a very positive experience. A few months after that, I run into J. We catch up a bit and agree to meet for coffee and catch up more. He tells me how much he has changed and all the positive steps he has made; he went to a psychiatrist, admitted that he was abusive towards me and got the help he needed. He asked for another chance. We begin going on dates again and it truly felt different. I ended up losing friends in the process who did not support me getting back with him. I mentioned that I had dated several guys when we were not together. And that I didn’t want to discuss details with him because I didn’t feel like I needed to (in the past he had made me tell him every person I had done anything with and to give him every detail and it was very traumatic) and he agreed not to. 4 months later, he is asking me for details and each time I shut down and cry because not every experience was positive. I try to explain that, but he feels I am lying to him or leaving out information.  I slept with 2 guys total the year we weren’t together. I wanted to mention this before we had became intimate, but he ended up forcing himself on me and I couldn’t. At that point I didn’t think he’d want to know, but he ended up asking about it 2 months later, and was angry that I didn’t mention it immediately. (He asked me if I slept with other people by asking if he needed to be tested; I mentioned I had been tested after each partner and routinely with my doctor). Then he kept asking for details like if I let them finger me and etc, so exactly what I didnt want to happen. But I don’t feel that it’s normal to discuss every romantic experience that I’ve had with every person either. I broke down and said that it really is triggering to keep trying to dig up old memories of experiences like that and that I don’t mind discussing the positive things but I’d rather not do the negatives. I feel disgusting and dirty and like an awful person.  he’s angry with me and won’t talk because he feels like he can’t trust me anymore. And that he can’t stop imagining other men touching me, which is what he said in the past too.  Am I doing something wrong? Am I allowing myself to enter an abusive relationship again, or is this considered normal? No one else has ever asked me to do this. I have no one to go to because my friends have left me.

TLDR: can’t tell if I’m being abused or if this is normal dating behavior"|throwRAleedleleedle|False|https://redd.it/ekh7fa|5|0.73|0|14|1|relationships
eknz9i|2020-01-06 03:19:28|I'm having problems with my attraction to my[21F] girlfriend [19F]|"I feel extremely terrible about this and I don't know how to handle this.

My girlfriend and I met here on Reddit and we've been dating for about 5 months. In that time we've gotten extremely close. We've bonded over a lot of similar sucky things in life such as both having bad parents. We've both shared extremely personal and intimate details about our lives.

I've gotten to know her and I absolutely love her. I love her personality, her interests, how compatible we are about everything. But, the problem is, we're in a long distance relationship and we've never really done many visual things together. I've gotten pictures of her before, but we do voice chat like 98% of the time. I started realizing about 2 months ago that I don't think I'm physically attracted to her. I've tried to ignore it because I just feel terrible about it and I really want to be with her, but it hasn't changed and I feel like it's unfair to her and if I don't do something, it'll only be worse for her later on.

Like I said, we've gotten incredibly close (we talk for hours on the phone most days and have been sleeping on voice call together for most of the relationship). I don't want to break up with her, but I don't really feel any attraction to her when I see her. 

This feels so bad for me to say or think about and I know it'll be very painful for both of us if we break up.

I suppose I should mention that she has some things that put a small strain on the relationship sometimes.

She has some mental health problems (she does get professional help for it and has been doing so much better and she's doing even better than when we met). This includes things like self harm, depression, anxiety, and some pretty bad disassociation. I've always tried my best to help with it and calm her down whenever she's having problems. This can emotionally straining sometimes, although, o can't say it affects my feelings for her.

Tl;dr: I'm having trouble with my attraction to my girlfriend and we've gotten extremely close. I don't know what to do, I just don't want to hurt her and I don't want to leave her."|throwaway2384949|False|https://redd.it/eknz9i|1|0.6|0|2|1|relationships
eksi4k|2020-01-06 10:46:07|My[20m] girlfriend[19f] of 8 months has lately been dressing much more conservatively than when we first started dating|"When I first met my current girlfriend, all the way through about the first few months of our relationship, she used to wear a lot of short shorts, dresses etc, regardless of the weather, which was great. But over the past few months now, I noticed she wears jeans and knee-length dress and stuff much more. This happens both when we're alone or when going out. She still wears short shorts now and then but not as short and far less frequently than she used to.

I don't know what caused this change. Its the middle of summer here, so she isn't just dressing for the weather. I know it seems like a small thing but her fashion style was one of the things that drew me to her in the first place. I feel like she's a different person now to who  she was when we first started dating. Its not that she's lazy with how she dresses either. She still wears nice stuff, just dresses modestly now.

I've tried talking to her about this, but she says she was getting bored of dressing that way and wanted to change things up. Which I guess is understandable, but I still  feel like, this is one of the things I really liked about her, and now I know longer have it. Is this not as serious as I'm making it out to be? I feel the physical aspect of a relationship is important so I don't think I'm overreacting.

tl;dr: My girlfriend has been dressing much more conservatively these past few months. I'm worried that this might be a permanent thing and don't know how to proceed."|supbro19|False|https://redd.it/eksi4k|0|0.27|0|15|1|relationships
ekgta5|2020-01-05 18:25:34|My [30 M] friend is always trying to hug me [20 F]. Am I right to feel uncomfortable?|"Basically, as the title says. We met through an organization we were both a part of that was affiliated with our university. He's a grad student, I'm an undergrad. We have good conversations and I enjoy his company for the most part, but I've made sure to make it very clear that it is a platonic friendship. Recently, he's been wanting to spend more time with me, is very persistent about us doing things together like watching movies and T.V. shows at night... he calls me at odd hours of the night when I'm asleep and every time I see him he tries to give me a hug. I do not like physical contact and awkwardly deflect most of the time. Anyways, I'm starting to see red flags but I have a history of distancing myself from people when we get closer (due to past friendships/ relationships) so I've been trying to ignore the little voice that is telling me to spend less time with him, that I don't feel comfortable with where this is going. 

&#x200B;

T.L.D.R. Am I being overly sensitive by deflecting my older male friend's hugs, and would I be leading him on if I kept obliging him to hang out, etc.?"|confinsdi|False|https://redd.it/ekgta5|7|0.89|0|8|1|relationships
eknu7z|2020-01-06 03:08:20|Should I [M19] enter into an international long distance relationship with boyfriend [M29] with a complicated history?|"I'm moving to Brazil next month to enter a three year undergraduate program. My boyfriend and I have been together for a year and a half and are considering long distance. We love each other and both want to pursue a long term monogamous relationship, but some of our history has me hesitant. 

At the beginning of our relationship, after we had been dating for about six months, I found out that he was regularly hooking up with guys from Grindr and his past. He apologized and then told me, for the first time, that he was in love with me. A couple days passed and I decided to give him a second chance. He recently confessed that he didn't mean what he said in that conversation and was manipulating me to stay with him. 

About five months after that, last May, I came across conversations in his Facebook messenger where he was planning hookups, time stamped after the aforementioned conversation. I confronted him, he confessed to cheating and I broke up with him. He says that was a real wakeup call and started therapy to try to understand himself and his behaviors better. I saw that he truly had a change of heart and we got back together. 

We've been together since then and we've had our ups and downs, but have been mostly happy and stable. I don't have any reason to believe he has cheated since then, but a part of me wonders if he would start again once I'm gone. We've come so far and both really want to make this work, but is it worth the sacrifice and risk? Would I just be setting myself up for failure or would I regret not continuing to pursue a relationship with someone I love?

TL;DR My boyfriend cheated on me repeatedly, but has changed. Should we stay together when I move internationally?"|lamaterialistaz|False|https://redd.it/eknu7z|0|0.5|0|11|1|relationships
ekntpb|2020-01-06 03:07:15|Not sure if I [25F]should voice my concerns to my friend [30F] or not?|"Friend and I got high at the movies. She gets high all time and is used to it. This was my 3rd attempt at getting high (last few times weren't very effective). I ate too much edibles thinking I can handle it due to my failed attempts. (I insisted I can handle more than I thought [I know my fault]). 


Well this time the high hit pretty hard and I was very disoriented and couldn't tell how slow/fast time was passing. It was also very hard to believe that I was in the present and I was moving my own body. I was feeling all of this even after the movie ended at midnight. We went to a diner cuz I insisted. We ate an appetizer and she asked if I can make it home my responses changed from ""no"", to ""maybe"", to a jokingly""we'll find out"". 


We walked to the street and we pointed where we needed to go, she said ""see you later"". I said ""ok"" and left.  I was a 30min bus ride home for me (12:30am-ish at this point), I was pretty scared on my way home. I wasn't sure if was going to arrive safely because I was still pretty out of it my eyes were really red and I felt like an easy target if someone had bad intension. 


Luckily, I made it home and watched a TV show to calm me down as I went to sleep  What has me a bit bothered was today I woke up with what feels like a hangover and I haven't heard anything form her. Not even a ""did you make it home"" text. I understand how I am not supposed to be her responsibility if I decided to get high in public. I guess it also depends how close we are as friends (it's a semi new friendship). 


Right now I am confused if I should mention it if we see each other again. Is this a friendship red/yellow flag? Am I demanding too much? Idk any feedback is helpful. 


Tl;Dr: Got high with a friend in the movies. Not sure If I should be worried she didn't check up on me if I made it home safely."|653557-5|False|https://redd.it/ekntpb|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekkrwn|2020-01-05 23:15:33|She met with Tinder guy but nothing happened|"Hi All,

This is my first post ever, long time reddit lurker. Apologies if I make some errors in the post. 

I've [M][25] been with my girlfriend [F][20] in a  committed relationship for only 2 months. We had met through tinder about 4 months ago and we started dating non-exclusively about 1 month after that. 

I feel deeply about her and when I'm with her it feels like home. I really like her, I could see myself with her for a long time. I've only had like 2 other girlfriends in my life and I'm 25. Mostly I would typically do FWBs, its way easier lol.

Unfortunately, I discovered something I wish I hadn't. She met up with a stranger from Tinder, 1 month into our committed relationship. We were BF/GF at this point. She claims that the only thing that happened was that he picked her up from her apartment and drove her to Walmart. From there they hung out for a bit there and he tried to kiss her but she didn't let him.

Lastly, I discovered this by doing a bit of a no no. I looked through her phone. In her phone, all it showed saved in the snapchat conversation was her saved address. As well as many texts from the guy gassing her selfie stories up and asking her when he could see her again. She wasn't bothered by me looking at her phone at all. She didn't get mad ever. Moreso, she seemed to feel bad for hurting me. I didn't get angry, I'm more of a crier lmao.

She did though, lie about when she met up with this guy. She claimed it was in October when she met with him back when we were nonexclusive. Eventually, she got caught in her lie and admitted she met with him in December and what they did (in this case lack of what they did).

She had matched with him before we started dating but they never met. She says she doesn't know why she did it but nothing happened. I believe that she didnt do anything, or maybe I want to believe. I also know based on the convo history that she had to have matched with him before we were dating. 

She also told me a couple weeks ago she may go to a party this weekend. I asked if I could go and she said ""I dont know"". I was hurt because I would never go to a party without her.

I told her I forgive her. I want us to work. But, I feel my trust is deeply violated. Should I break up with her? She doesnt evoke strong feels of trust in me. She has mainly guy friends, like really no girl friends. She also travels for work all over the country for 3-4 days a week. So cheating on me would be simple and I would never find out. 

I haven't exactly been innocent either. A couple of times I redownload tinder, fresh into our committed relationship and did a few swipes and conversations. I deleted the app quickly after because I realized I was really being stupid/disrepectful. I never met with anyone nor did I really have the intention too. I did it out of late night loneliness. She never found out about this.

Aside from this I've been a good BF. I'm talking random flowers, necklaces, poems, telling her I care and shes beautiful, etc.

Should I work this thing out? I want to believe she didnt do anything, but she cheated in her last relationship. She claims the guy was toxic. Or should I break up with her? I really like her and this month was going well....until this

TL;DR My gf met with an old tinder match who she hadn't met before. He took her to Wal-Mart and she claims nothing happened."|maketacosnotwar111|False|https://redd.it/ekkrwn|2|0.75|0|5|1|relationships
ekkrrb|2020-01-05 23:15:13|Do I [25/F] have the right to be mad at him [22/M]?|"I started talking to this guy 2.5 months ago and we've been casually dating ever since. I live in the northeast and he lives on the west coast, but he's a pilot and all his flights are in the northeast. He stays in hotels near my area and we hang out when he's around.

We text each other every day but we've only hung out twice. We were supposed to see each other last night for the first time in almost 2 months, but he told me last minute Friday that he might ""call in sick"" to work because he hadn't taken any sick days yet. Needless to say, I was pretty pissed as we had been planning on hanging out for a few weeks prior. He didn't give any explanation or apologize.

I began texting him less frequently since then, and today he asked why I haven't been wanting to talk. I texted him ""you really can't figure it out?"" and he gave a snappy/sarcastic reply back. I told him that he came off as kinda inconsiderate, to which he asked how ""not wanting to go into work"" is inconsiderate. Am I overreacting or do I have the right to be mad at him? I just want him to acknowledge what he did and maybe apologize.

TL;DR: Guy I'm seeing told me he was ""calling in sick"" to work with no explanation after planning on hanging out for weeks prior."|seven_wishes|False|https://redd.it/ekkrrb|2|0.75|0|2|1|relationships
ekkmln|2020-01-05 23:05:21|I’ve an issue with my relationship but I don’t know if I’m just overreacting or not|"My bf (M25) and I (21F) have been dating for just under 5 months and besides one thing there’s no problem with our relationship (in my eyes anyways). My problem is he’s a shit texter. (I know it sounds stupid)

Context:
We meet in work (both still work there and aren’t leaving anytime soon as it’s our college jobs) and were friends and all before anything happened so I knew he never really used his phone or went on social media. I did try a few times to start up a conversation on fb before we got together but it never really worked. He did however tell me he was bad at texting and replying so I was okay with it.

When first started dating he would message me first and ask how I was and when I was free to hangout and all and we’d constantly send eachother funny videos and memes. As I knew he was a bad texter it meant a lot to me because I knew he was thinking of me and cared enough to text me even though he wasn’t really fond of such things.
When we did get together at the start I was a fan of us not texting constantly 24/7 like other couples I know, because when we’d meet up we’d have more to talk about and not just be repeating the same things over and over again.

However, within the past month and a half/two months this has changed. I constantly find myself having to message him first and asking when he’s free. I’d send him something funny that would have started a conversation in the past but now he’d leave me on seen or reply 4hrs later (leaving me on seen in between) with something basic like “haha that’s funny” or simply just “😂😂😂”. In the past he did take a while to reply, depending on the day, but I knew when he did it’d be something more then “haha that’s funny” and we’d have full conversation because of it so I didn’t mind. Recently he’s been spending all his time online. Whenever I log onto fb he’s always active and I can see my message sitting there unopened or left on seen.

I have taken a step back from messaging him and have started to leave him on seen to see if he’d notice or change anything but he hasn’t. The past week I sent him a link to a motivational vid I was meant to send to my friend by mistake and told him to disregard because it was for X (to which he responded “haha okay”) that was the first message we’d exchanged in 4 days. I have seen him at work during that time so it’s not like there’s been zero contact but we’d only get to talk for about 5mins max as we’re in different sections and do different shifts. I know if I hadn’t of sender that message by mistake (and it was by mistake his name was under her name) that there’d have been no contact between us at all.

I know it all sounds stupid but if you’re with someone in my opinion you’re meant to want to talk to them, know how their day went and want to meet up with them. A five minute conversation in work doesn’t qualify to me as us talking and spending time with eachother. When I’m with him in person I do feel like he cares about me and nothing feels wrong. However, when we’re not together and I want to send him a funny video or meme or ask if he’s free I stop because I think im annoying him with all my messages and that if he really wanted to spend time with me or talk to me at all he’d message me first. I don’t know where he is or what he does on the days I don’t see him which to me isn’t a good sign in a relationship. We should both want to know what the other is doing not in an unhealthy way but just because we care and want to know they’re safe and happy and all. I want to know the little things like how his day went and if he’s feeling okay, he just doesn’t seem to feel the same way from the way he behaves.

I don’t know if I’m overthinking everything since I knew he was like this beforehand, if he’s just gotten comfortable in the relationship or if this is something i should talk to him about.
I should also say I am the first gf he’s had and I do suffer from anxiety and depression which I do think plays a part in all of this.

Am I overreacting? Is this all in my head? Or do I have an legitimate issue?

Tl;dr: my bf is a shit texter and as such it’s making me feel lonely/like he doesn’t care about me and that I’m annoying him by constantly messaging him first. Am I over thinking it?

I also posted this in r/relationship_advice , and r/NoStupidQuestions

Edit: i should say he is also super super quiet and shy. For him to even ask me out on a date and to be his gf was a big thing"|TimeWastingLemur|False|https://redd.it/ekkmln|2|0.63|0|3|1|relationships
eknm82|2020-01-06 02:50:36|I (31F) got dumped 4 months ago and can't get over him (27M)|" 

tl;dr - got dumped, want someone to talk to :)

I messed up, lied, and he's gone, maybe even moved to a different city?!?!?!  I am super in love with this person.... STILL!  My head tells me I'll be fine, but my heart aches like I could never have imagined.  I can't get over him, and keep trying to contact him even though I know I shouldn't. I'm even more anxious because I want to have kids really badly and feel like now I'm running out of time.  I feel like there isn't a person in the world who could possibly understand my heartbreak, but I hope maybe there's someone here who comes close.  Any heartbroken individuals out there who messed up the best relationship they ever had??  How did you get over it?"|smitten430kittens|False|https://redd.it/eknm82|1|0.67|0|4|1|relationships
eknlu2|2020-01-06 02:49:46|I (31f) don’t know how to help my partner (30f) feel better about work and life|"It’s such a long story I’ll try to make it short.

We have been dating for 5 years and I lived at home for 4 saving and going to school. She’s been living on her own for three years, with her parents for two and prior to that her ex took care of everything. Her life has been really tough as her parents were abusive, her mum died of alcoholism, her ex cheated, her dad kicked her out because he didn’t want to pay extra food bills and it goes on.

She’s a wonderful and hard working person but she’s getting so exhausted with work and life and I don’t know how to help anymore.

Since I finished my first degree I’ve been working from 5 am to 7 pm doing insane split shift work and I finally quit so I could move in with her and literally help with everything. I now work 5 hours a day with a good hourly wage. In my week I’m cooking, cleaning, planning, running errands, fixing, organizing etc and I love it. She never had time to do these things much as her job is very busy and she’s been getting promotionss and doing very well in her career. I’ve always supported her with this as it’s  not really my ambition to have a lucrative career. I’m a teacher and I love teaching, that’s it.

Unfortunately the area we live is so expensive that I don’t see how we could move into a one bedroom without being broke. I could for sure work more but the difference in rent from our studio to a one bedroom is 1000 a month. I’m concerned if one of us falls ill or cannot work for a period of time we’d be doomed. Both our jobs are walking distance at least which I love.

My partner also struggles with anxiety and depression. She takes medication and goes to therapy which helps her a lot! But she is so worried and paranoid since I moved in about having to work forever, not being able to get enough time off and how I’m no longer her safety net because I’m bringing in less cash than before.

I really hoped moving in would help because all she needs to focus on is work but now since her main purpose is work maybe she feels too much pressure? I don’t know, even if I stayed living with parents she’d barely have time to get anything done but now that I’ve moved in she feels presssure to find a bigger apartment but then never ever getting a break from working full time.

I think she’s resentful for me going from working full time to part time but when we agreed about it, it seemed good to her.

I’ll work full time if I need to but I don’t see it helping with her gloom about having to work for the rest of her life. I just don’t know what to do. I’m happy where we are for now and i enjoy simple things. I can understand why a small studio can be suffocating but I think we can make it work. I just want to be supportive but I’m concerned too if I go to full time work will anything get done around the house? When will we cook? When will we clean and do groceries and even go out for fun. Saturday and Sunday was never enough as I had to be asleep by 8 pm Sunday night. It was intense. Weeknights I was asleep by 730 sometimes. Every other full time working couple I know is just exhausted and broke all the time even if they’re well off. It’s insane!

This was way too long tldr partner is feeling down for knowing she’ll have to work forever and I don’t know how to help"|goingtogetridof|False|https://redd.it/eknlu2|1|0.67|0|0|1|relationships
ekklbd|2020-01-05 23:02:51|Feeling Guilty about Moving Out|"I (24F) am about to move out with my long-term boyfriend (24M). We have been together for 5 years, are really happy, and both in stable jobs with stable incomes, savings, and have prospects for career progression.

However, here's where it gets tricky. I never moved out for uni unlike my older sister (25F) who did and now works where she went to uni so lives with friends there, but hasn't officially moved out of our family home; she's a great person but a bit all over the place, messy, and unreliable. My little sister (18F) is a complete nightmare who only likes to go out drinking. I also have an older brother (31M) who doesn't live at home, but has problems and relies on either my parents or me to support him financially, and he has anger issues which my parents often leave me to deal with and calm him down. Alternatively, I lived at home whilst studying at the city University for both my BA and MA, whilst also working. I had to help my older sister out with money during uni, and even had to call places pretending to be her to secure her accommodation etc. and sort out my siblings' banking as they often cannot do it themselves.

Because of all these reasons, and more,  I'm considered the most 'put together' and responsible sibling, and my parents (50s M&F) rely on me a lot to do things around the house and help support my siblings. My mum also suffers from anxiety and leans on me a lot with this.

I wanted to move out to live with my boyfriend, as well as have my own space as me and my little sister do not get on; she is bigger than me and is physically and verbally abusive to me, and trashes my room when I'm not there, unprovoked, so when I'm at home I cannot leave my room as I need to 'guard' it to stop her going through my personal items and taking things to sell to her friends to buy drugs, which she has previously done. There's no point arguing with her as she's just aggressive and abusive, so I don't; it's very toxic. My parents therefore rely on me to be their friend and buffer, someone to lean on, as their relationship with her isn't good, although it is better than mine.

Whenever I've mentioned wanting to move out, my mum starts crying saying she don't know how she'll cope without me to lean on, and I, who also suffers from anxiety, get very upset; we lost my mum's father recently leaving my grandmother on my own who I help my mum care for, another reason I feel guilty, but I also feel like me moving out means my mum is older which means my grandmother will pass soon and then my mother! It's an anxious mess...

Alongside this, I'd be moving to a flat with a 10m walk to my work, where I currently have a 4h commute total each day, leaving me time to do not much more than sleep between working days. I feel like I have no life. My parents however would be able to visit me easily - our flat is close to their bus stops at the city centre, it's the traffic going into the city centre during rush hour that makes my commute so long, not actual distance.

I want to be an adult and move on, and not let my anxiety control me, but all these factors are making it so hard. I am close to my parents and don't want to ruin my relationship with them and I feel so guilty. Does anyone have any advice they can offer me on how to move forward with this?

TL;DR: Home situation making me feel extremely guilty for moving out with longterm BF and closer to my work."|Beneficial-Strategy|False|https://redd.it/ekklbd|2|0.76|0|2|1|relationships
eknkmu|2020-01-06 02:47:08|In a straight relationship, but I’m pretty certain I’m gay.|"
I’ve (24F) been in a relationship with the same guy (30M) for three years. When we met we had this instant chemistry, we exchanged numbers, and after the first date the rest is history. There’s no one I’ve ever trusted as much, and nobody who’s understood me the way he does. We’ve been through so much shit together; loss, and grief, and distance (we were both in the military and maintained our relationship through deployments on both sides), as well as incredible joy and passion for life, and for each other. His companionship means the world to me. 
The catch being, I really think I might be gay. It’s not a new thought. Realistically, I’ve known that I’m attracted to women since I was really young, like maybe early middle school age. But I always pushed the thoughts out of my head, having a lot of shame about it when I was growing up. I dated a few guys in high school, and did have a little fling of sorts with this girl at summer camp when I was a teenager, which never went anywhere, I never told anyone about it and in time let her fade from my mind. Then I met the above mentioned guy when I was in college, and found myself in this committed relationship that I was seemingly happy in. And it’s not that he’s making me unhappy. But my desire to explore my attraction to women has become harder and harder to ignore. I’m in my early 20s, and spent what for a lot of people might be considered “experimental years” in this relationship. I honestly just feel so confused and conflicted. 
I know that I’m attracted to women, and that I’m at best apathetic about having sex with him. And I don’t think I’ve ever felt genuine sexual attraction towards a guy I’ve been with. But I truly do have so much love for him, and hurting him would be so awful. And, maybe selfishly, I don’t want to lose the life that we have together, or the companionship, or the trust, or that love, even if it’s not the kind of love that he thinks it is. I’m in tears writing this, and brought to tears frequently these days in light of how to confront this situation, and the heartbreak of potentially losing him. He’s my partner, and my closest confidant, and I am so disinterested in a life that he’s not a part of. But this feeling that I’m hiding a part of myself is eating away at me. We’re usually so open and honest with each other, and I don’t want to shut him out just because I don’t know how to even begin to face this. I just...really don’t know what to do. 
Thank you in advance for your replies. 

TL;DR: I’m in a committed relationship with a man who I care about a lot, but think I’m gay and can’t suppress the feeling any longer. Don’t know how to approach the situation."|19Dadbod|False|https://redd.it/eknkmu|1|0.56|0|4|1|relationships
ejxssp|2020-01-04 15:17:01|My (21/F) boyfriend (25/M) went out with his ex in secret while I was away for Christmas holidays.|"We've been together 6.5 months. We had the strongest connection since the beginning and said I love you both at the same time after 2 months. He had a 6 year relationship that he broke up with 3 years ago and then had a 2 year relationship that he broke up with in February 2019.

He told me from the beginning that he has contact with them because they're both persons he loved and broke up with both on good terms but that he was over them both and I'm the closest thing to a soulmate he's ever experienced. In August I was in my hometown and we were on LDR. He went out with both exes once and he told me before meeting and called me both before and after meeting them.  He was honest and he sensed I had some insecurities about this but I never blamed him for going out with them. I always supported him to be a good friend to them because he's like that as a person, very caring and loving of everyone.

So yeah, I never made him feel bad for meeting them and I told him that I appreciated his honesty when he could have easily hidden it considering that I was so far away and could have not had a clue that they went out. I told him my ex went out with a girl once that was a friend but lied the whole time they were together that he was with friends. But it was the time when you could see someone's location on messenger and I saw that he was in her town. He confessed and broke my heart because he lied to me but I stayed with him for 6 more months.  When I told this to my now boyfriend he promised me that he would always be honest even if I didn't like it, and that I had nothing to worry about, he'd never hide anything.

Now I went to my hometown for the holidays for 10 days. He was teary eyed before I left and told me how he's gonna miss me and how he's so used to us being together but in a positive way and that he can't wait for me to come back. When I left, our communication dropped significantly, when all the previous times I had gone to my hometown we'd talk nonstop on the phone and on messenger. Now he was suddenly so busy all the time meeting friends and doing family stuff.  I was always having this gut feeling something wasn't right but never thought that he'd meet up with an ex and hide it. I was finally trusting him completely and thinking he was just falling out of love with me.

When I came back from the holidays, the very first day he said in a nervous tone ''So \*6 year relationship ex's name\* saw our story on social media, you know of you and me and she said that we looked cute!'' I was kinda confused that he brought it up so suddenly but I just said ''ok that's nice''. The next day when he was away and had left his FB open, I couldn't hold myself back. I just wanted to see that she really said that about us. Instead I found texts of them making plans to meet on Christmas Eve. My heart dropped. He had texted her the very same day that I left on December 20th ''I really want to see you. Wanna go for a coffee this week?''she said ''sure'' and he said ''Ok great, 24th  at 11 am so we can have 4 hours together before I go check this apartment out that I'm gonna hire'' and they chatted a bit more then they sent kiss emojis and said '' Okay see you tomorrow then!''. On Christmas Eve he didn't text me at all the whole day until he called me at 4 pm after he had seen the apartment to tell me that he had decided on getting it. And we only talked for 5 minutes.

I pretended that I hadn't seen the messages because it was New Years Eve and I didn't wanna ruin the night. The next day as we were driving I tried to see if he'd confess. So I casually asked him ''So...\*she\* said we looked cute together! Did you guys meet at all now considering it was holidays and stuff?'' and he naturally replied ''Nah we only talked a little on messenger, she told me about her boyfriend but no generally I didn't even have time to go out with her.'' He had plenty of time. He was free from work for 3 weeks. And there were no messages of her talking about her boyfriend who had a different name now surprisingly than in August when my boyfriend told me about him again.

He lied to my face. When he had no reason to. When I was always cool with him if he met his ex. Why did he hide it? Why did he text her the very same day that I left? Why did he promise to always be honest and not hide anything and now did that? How am I supposed to trust him again, ever? How am I supposed to trust myself not to go through his messages? I hate myself for doing it and I don't want to be that girlfriend. But at least I got the truth from doing it when I could have been blind and getting a bad gut feeling with no way to explain it and tried to suppress it to not appear ''needy and insecure''. I'm so torn and I love him so much. I really thought like this could have been the real deal. Like we could have so much more to live. And I believe that he truly loves me but that he loves her too and I don't know what to do.... I'm hurting so bad.

I thought of leaving him a break up letter. Is that a wise decision?

TL;DR : Boyfriend met up with ex during Christmas Holidays and didn't tell me. I snooped through his messages and found out but pretended I didn't know and gave him a chance to confess but he lied to my face telling me they didn't meet. I'm torn because I truly love him and he had promised to always be honest and never hide anything. And now he did that and I don't know what to do."|polyhymnia7|False|https://redd.it/ejxssp|684|0.94|0|178|1|relationships
ekes4s|2020-01-05 16:01:08|Struggling to build a relationship with my (22nb) family|"
So I’m just looking for some advice on my (22nb) relationship with my parents (mid 60s M/F)

I had a rough time during my high school years. I battled self harm, anxiety, and depression. It was hard being a closeted gay person. My mom was very anxious and extremely religious, so I hid most of the things in my life from her. My dad withdrew when I became an angsty teen, and would barely speak to me.

Things got so bad that I ended up in the hospital twice. My dad threatened to leave our family after that and reacted in anger to my struggles, my mom became even more of a helicopter parent.

Years later, I am now living on my own in a different state, far away from my parents, and I’m doing great. Except for the fact that I feel so guilty about the distance between myself and my family. My mom would love for me to live at home, or at least live in the same state, so that she could see me more often. I don’t want to.

I went home to visit this past week, not because I wanted to but out of guilt. Which made me feel even more guilty. Am I a bad kid because I don’t want to see my family?

But as soon as I walked into my childhood home, I felt like a teen again. I was moody and rude to my super cheerful and sweet mom. I had no patience for anything. When my mom would enter my room I’d try to hide whatever I was doing, even if it was something so innocent as reading a book. I told little white lies about my life, for no reason at all except that I felt as if I would get in trouble for some reason for telling the truth.

I feel so uncomfortable around my parents. I don’t enjoy spending time with them. They know almost nothing about my life (but they do know I am gay). I just don’t know what to do.  I nearly panic every time my mom touches me or hugs me, almost to the point when I want to run away. She’s still very religious and she’s never been drunk or done anything bad in her life and so I feel like I would 100% disappoint her if she knew the real me. (I know everyone is going to say that’s not true, but it is. My mom is almost childlike in the way that she acts and views the world. I can’t even have a glass of wine without her being like “oh, so you’re going to get drunk?? You don’t get drunk, do you??”

They’re not going to be here forever, and I feel like I’ll feel guilty if I don’t at least try to get along with them with the time they have left. It’s not like I was abused or anything! I don’t have that excuse to cut my parents out of my life. I don’t get it.

I’ve been in therapy for years, and though I’ve improved myself, I haven’t been able to improve my relationship with my parents. Family therapy is not an option, as we don’t live in the same state. Reddit, what should I do?

Tl;dr: I struggled with mental illness as a closeted gay kid. I had to hide myself from my very religious and hovery mother, and now that I’m an adult and living on my own, I still have no desire to welcome my parents into my life and show them who I truly am. How can I bridge this gap, or should I just leave them at arms length?"|Existing-Road|False|https://redd.it/ekes4s|6|0.82|0|3|1|relationships
ekn232|2020-01-06 02:06:46|I [20M] am in a relationship and won't be seeing my girlfriend [21F] for 6 months because of my exchange program|"Hi Reddit, I truly need your help because my anxiety and uncertainty about what's going to happen with my SO is killing me. Keep up with me please, it's very interesting situation and it won't be very long. I'll need your words of advice. 

So here's the story: I am a male, 20 years old, from Buenos Aires, Argentina. Since I started studying in college all I wanted was to do an exchange program, and I'm finally here in Barcelona till the beginning of August. My main goal was to go unattached with no love relationship whatsoever since I would be free of guilt and could do as I please, and in that way enjoy my experience here much more. Now, all that plan went overboard since I fell in love 2 weeks later after my exchange program was confirmed (this was in the beginning of July, 2019). I'm going to be completely pure and sincere when I talk about my relationship with her. 

I fell in love deeply, truly, at the end of July in a ski, mountain relaxing trip at the south of my country. My female cousin invited my brother and I to her house, as well as her friends. My SO, who is 21 years old, was one of her friends, and had ended a relationship of 3 years in May, a relationship she tells me was very worn out since the start of their third year. I got to meet her in this trip, had an amazing chemistry, we laughed a lot together, got a strong sexual attraction and tension, loved to communicate for literally hours in the night and it would never cease to be interesting. Things escalated quickly, and the last day of the trip we kissed and slept together (no sex, I didn't think it was appropriate and didn't want to in our first time together). I really got to connect with her like I've never connected with any woman in my life, I felt she was truly a gem. She is pretty, intelligent, we share the same sense of humor and that is KEY, we got similar social circles, can talk for hours and have amazing sex. It's like a dream really, though of course we have our differences and argue, but that's rarely usual as we realized we're a team and solve things with maturity together.

I fell in love, couldn't fight my emotions and decided to give into them regardless of my plan to go unnatached to my study trip. I knew I was leaving for an exchange program since the minute I met her, she knew as well, but we decided to let our emotions flow and give our relationship a try. Since we got back from the ski trip, our relationship grew a lot and it became super intense, very loving and caring, and above all, funny. She is a VERY emotional woman, tells me she never in her life felt so in love with someone as with me, and she's super sincere in her expressions, as I am. I never fell in love with such intensity, to the extent that we always love to think about getting married and having kids together, the thought of it unites us even more. That didn't happen to me or her in our previos relationship, not even close, really (in my case I lasted a year and a half and broke up in the middle of 2018, and I have been single since I met her).

Now, here's the BIG issue: The idea of my exchange program putting a hold in our relationship was always lingering, so once we were fully in the relationship, we knew we would suffer a lot our time apart these months. So we decided to enjoy the most we could this first 6 months of the relationship, we got used to having each other in our everyday life. We slept together, we hanged out together, laughed together, got to meet each others family and, above all, live as if we were boyfriend and girlfriend but WITHOUT the ""title"". We decided since the beginning not to ""officialize"" our relationship and post on social media or stuff, since I would be gone for 6 momths and we wouldn't know what would happen in my return. The biggest factor of making this decision was that distance may generate our relationship to wear out, and mainly that as we couldn't know in August how our relationship would work out (turned out to be the most passionate and caring love we ever had), decided to have the liberty to do as we felt like in those months we would be apart. This code means that I could be with another woman if I truly felt like I wanted without the guilt of cheating on her, and viceversa for her in Buenos Aires. Of course, if we didn't feel like being with another person since we are deeply in love and it doesn't come to our minds, then we wouldn't force ourselves to do that. But, the liberty to do it is always there.

Now, yesterday we got to say goodbye to each other, and we never cried liked that ever in our lives. The pain was really rough, realising how much we mean to each other and how used we were to the presence of each other in our everyday life. It's hard being apart from the person you love, and not knowing what's going to happen with the relationship makes it even more dreadful. Luckily, she's coming to Barcelona for 2 weeks in 12 days, so that was not the true last goodbye till probably August. It was just an anticipation of what would become of us and the idea of being apart because of my exchange program. So the true challenge hasn't even started yet...

The truth is that we know and realise that probably things will wear out, eventually someone will have sex with other person and things will start to get weird. We obviously agreed not to tell each other if this things happen, but I think it's pretty obvious that when we start being distant and cold, and the ""I love you"" or ""I miss you texts"" don't appear anymore, is that things are changing and probably we started seeing other people. And the thought of that breaks out heart, we really want to keep the fire alive the longest till my return so we can try to be together again. That is our main goal, to create a strong solid foundation of love and ""contracts"" that'll keep the flame so we can continue where we left of in August. But, I know love is not that rational and organised, and things may change.

The truth is this, it's very difficult not to tempt myself with other woman since being apart for many months gets one unattached, and many possibilities of having a romance or sex with other woman will probably appear and one day I may fall into them. Also, the nature of my trip is to travel and have a lot of parties and night outs as well, it's what everyone does, and it becomes even more difficult to repress the temptations.

So, I'm super worried that when that stuff happens, the image we have of each other will change, and that in my return things won't be the same and it won't work out. She has her insecurities which she oftentimes express in jealousy towards other woman, and I'm afraid she'll hate me or something if I'm with other woman (even though she won't know first, eventually she would realise). I KNOW I won't ever feel the love I feel for her with any woman I meet ever, or to be more realistic, with any woman ill meet these months since I know it's just temporary and a circumstance. And she KNOWS as well as I KNOW that finding someone that you connect that much and love so deeply is not something that happens easily in the lives of people, so the chances that that happens for her in these 6 months is close to zero. What we want most in our lives is to return to each other and have a relationship without any restraints or a long trip lingering and making us doubt. I really need that to happen. And I know that it may seem illogical or counterproductive, but I need your help to try and make this possibility true in these months when all the stuff I mentioned begins to happen. 

What strategies, decisions and ideas might work for our wishes to become true in my return? And above all, how can I assure her that I'll always be the same and love her regardless if I have sex with other woman? (I separate love from sex a lot, she has a hard time doing that, so that's a big problem). Probably in my return if we try to get things going again, we'll have a lot of arguments and insecurites about the things that happened, but we believe that we have so much potential as partners and our love is and was so strong that we could work things out maturely.

This uncertainty and anxiety is really killing me, my head is always thinking about this things and I can't get to fully relax and enjoy my experience here. We don't regret falling in love and starting a relationship, meeting our family, etc. I always tell her it happened to us and in this moment for a reason, we'll have lots of things to learn, and if we surpass this test then we will return even stronger. This challenge is for the brave, love is for the brave, but it sure does hurt a lot being apart for so long (and it hasn't even started yet). I need your words to calm myself, to see the light at the end of the tunnel, and to try and make my wishes of returning to her and continue our love as real and probable as possible. Thank you, I'll read what you have to say!

**TL;DR: I am deeply in love with my girlfriend but I won't be seeing her for 6 months because of my exchange program. I know being apart will make the relationship change and we have the liberty to do as we feel like in regards of sex with other people in these coming months, but I'm afraid that chances of us getting back together in my return (which is what we most desire) will get unlikely. How can I keep the flame and make the possibility of us getting together more probable for my return?**"|AlexTep22|False|https://redd.it/ekn232|1|0.67|0|1|1|relationships
ek4hvp|2020-01-04 23:35:31|How to tell my [22] girlfriend [24] that her weight gain worries me after 3+ years of unbridled support?|"I'll try and keep this as concise as possible.  My girlfriend has put on 50+ pounds over our 3 year relationship.  As she started gaining weight she became more self conscious about it, and I tried to give her positive reinforcement and told her I don't care about weight gain.  What i'm about to write will come off as cold, callous and uncaring.  So I want to preface it by saying that I love my girlfriend.  I want to marry her, have a family with her.  That being said, the weight gain bothers me.  How do I tell her that suddenly after years of being nothing but supportive?  She is already VERY defensive and sensitive to criticism.   This means that if i'm ""honest"" about my feelings it will most likely result in crying, fighting, and who knows what else.  I want her to prioritize her health NOW so that these things aren't something she struggles with her entire life.  Most people would suggest cooking together or working out, but we don't live together yet and she doesn't like what I cook.  She also hates going to the gym.

How do I bring this up without making it sound like I was being fake all these years?  I still find her attractive, but her self loathing about her weight and failure to do anything about it for 3+ years is making things difficult.  If the only advice you have is to break up because i'm shallow and an asshole, save it.  I'm committed to this relationship.  I want to know how to talk to her about this.  Thanks.

tldr; my girlfriend gains weight and my positive approach to weight loss has been unsuccessful for her, how do I change my approach and tell her my feelings going forward?

edit: I forgot to include her height for reference.  She has a small frame and is 5'3."|blastedmedex|False|https://redd.it/ek4hvp|131|0.93|0|72|1|relationships
ek9g5k|2020-01-05 06:43:10|Credit for a great BJ: my bf (31M) gets off on the thought of being with someone who’s only quality is that they aren’t me (28F)|"My boyfriend (31M) of two years and I (28F) have candid conversations about our sexual preferences and fantasies, which are usually fun or informative and bring us closer together. But the other day after I gave him a blow job, he mentioned that sometimes he fantasizes that it’s someone else going down on him while I’m at it. Not anyone in particular, just a vague sense of Not Me. I kind of get it, and I don’t want to yuck anyone’s yum, but it still got me down. We’re serious, committed, living together, and currently monogamous. We’ve both been in open relationships before. He’s constantly finding other women attractive, which I understand because I’m bisexual and the world is full of beautiful people. This felt different to me, so I was hoping to get some insight. I also selfishly want full credit for my blow jobs because I’m really good vs. sharing with some fantasy being who isn’t me. 

tldr: A thing that gets my bf off is the thought of being with someone who’s only quality is that they are not me — has anyone experienced equally vague fantasies?"|TiltedSwervix|False|https://redd.it/ek9g5k|38|0.82|0|9|1|relationships
ekmxve|2020-01-06 01:57:40|Me [19 M] with my [17 F] 4 months, I want her back|"I was with this girl who always liked me, but I never noticed and we were slow to have something. i have known her since 2013 She is sister of my cousin boyfriend and we always met at partys. We were together for the last 5 months of 2019, the best of my life.

 We were so happy. For the first time, I was feeling real love. She was the first person who said that loved me. Time passed and I noticed a certain monotony in the conversations, the way she treated me. with fear that she got sick of me i broached the subject. said that I misses our old conversations and she just went crazy and we argued. she said that it wasnt sick for me, because she always liked and stop like this makes no sense. She thought I was tired of her, but it was the other way around, I was afraid she would get sick of me.I explained, showed my vulnerable side that I was so afraid to show, my insecurity. She called me an idiot so she said something about me not believing her as a girlfriend or something. 

and it seemed too late, it had already generated utter confusion. She looked very angry and that generated total chaos in the days that followed, even after we apologize. I have this feeling that I have created out of nowhere the meaningless argue about our relationship that fucked up everything because of this insecurity ... i have created a bad mood on her. Then she started behave very strange towards me, different, cold, angry and i didn't even know what was hapenning.
 I thought she still angry, or she have other reasons, or maybe i was right about her not liking me anymore. Then, after some rough days, i have send a text questioning why, saying that i loved her so much and everything i want was to fix everything. she said that maybe she wasnt the healthy part of the relationship because she loved me since she was a teenager. She Said she didnt know what she was feeling and she thought she has created expectations that i was perfect, but she got frustrated after seing that i wasnt. I keep questioning what was going to happen to us. She said that really didnt know that didnt know If I wanted to break up or not, that didnt know what was feeling. So i got totally emotional and said that if she had doubts about liking me, so theres no doubts anymore. And that my life will continue. so i left. that was my last message. she deleted me from every social media. That was on 29 December

 i have seen her on the new year party, but she ignored me so much, she avoided eye contact and everything ... late, we have interacted a bit and i tried to kiss her but she avoided. I was a bit drunk... we keep talking ... And i have said things that i regret too ... We were about to sleep, she was on the couch and i on the floor and we holded hands and i said that i wanted to talk, but she didnt want, i said please and she accepted to hear. I asked if she misses me, what she was felling, i asked about what happend, about me, about all the promises that we had. She said that didnt know yet what she was feeling and she didnt miss me yet. And about the plans, she said that this happens. I have said that i was feeling just a trophy and she didnt respond.

A TL;DR I just cant accept that this is the end. I am doing a lot of things right now to be a better person, gym, psychologist... But a keep thinking and i just dont want to lose her... I think she is the womam of my life and i want her back. I feel like trash. What i do? NC? How much? should go to the partys ?

Sorry about my english"|Thandevil|False|https://redd.it/ekmxve|1|0.67|0|1|1|relationships
ekmx7k|2020-01-06 01:56:12|I [2x m] can’t handle my monster in law [4x f]|"My mother in law [4x f] is a monster. During the first year of courtship with my wife [2x f], she was friendly and cordial. Then she dropped the act. 

She brings up my wife’s exes constantly and shares “memories” of them on Facebook and Instagram. I feel that MIL is trying to stir the pot. For the holidays, she didn’t give a gift which was fine. However, she would brag about my lady’s exes’ gifts being better and she would say she misses them greatly. She pretended that I didn’t exist during the holidays and showed videos of my wife celebrating Christmases with her exes. 

My wife doesn’t know how to set boundaries with her mom. Her mom is a gossip who can’t stop blabbering. MIL likes to take jabs at me and I wouldn’t say anything back. All of her friends think I’m a fool. She makes me feel frustrated and she laughs at my family background. I’m not from a good, solid family and she loves to point it out. I’m also not rich and she makes sure to point out the designer stuff my wife’s exes gave. 

I only have my heart. The only thing I can give my wife is my love. She knew that before she married me. We both work while her mom is a stay at home. Whenever we visit her, she gives plates of food to everyone except me. I’m always starving and waiting to get out of the house to grab a bite to eat. She’s bitter and mean and I don’t know why. Some of these men didn’t treat my wife right. My MIL still sings praises of them. 

One of them cheated, another was negligent and paranoid, and so forth. I can go on for days about the wrongdoings of these men my MIL loves so much. How to handle her?

TLDR: MIL is mean spirited individual who loves my wife’s exes. I don’t know how to handle her. She gossips, treats me like an outsider, and laughs at my background. How to handle?"|SirFartsALotrofl|False|https://redd.it/ekmx7k|1|0.6|0|5|1|relationships
ekmvbn|2020-01-06 01:51:58|Leaving for a month|"Leaving for one month

Leaving for a month

My GF [21F] wants to go to some church event in Romania for a month, I won't be able text her the whole months because she said there won't be any cell service where's she's going. This is really important for her but I don't want her to leave how should I deal with not seeing or hearing from her for a month?

Edit: she is also going with her bsf who is single and party's a lot and doesn't like me very much, will her friend want her to cheat

tl;dr my GF is going with her drunk party animal bsf across the world for a month for church and can't text me at all"|redditmeister_67|False|https://redd.it/ekmvbn|1|0.67|0|4|1|relationships
ekmva9|2020-01-06 01:51:51|I [F31] had a date planned with a [31M] who cancelled last minute and I feel like he likes someone else. How do I get over this feeling like I did something wrong and I'm not good enough?|" I met this guy two years ago. We hit it off instantly at a local restaurant and talked all night. We exchanged numbers but never saw each other after that night. Two years later - now - I get a message from him that he'll be home for Christmas and wanted to get together. I was surprised he remembered meeting me.

We continue to text and his texts turn sexual pretty quickly. He commented on how great I look and how perfect my body was. We flirt a bit and he sends me a pic of him shirtless, I send one of me - no face and I am not naked - it's just a teaser, nothing less than a bathing suit.

I inevitably receive a dick pic. I told him dick pics don't turn me on and he seemed to be offended by that. Then his texts turn a bit cold, but he still asked for pictures. Frustrated, I told him to take it or leave it with a silly emoji to not come off too harsh and that it's better to wait until in person. I was 100% aware that this was most likely going to be a hook-up, but I was still excited to see him!

We talk a few weeks later - plan to meet - and 1 hour before our date he canceled on me and I have heard nothing since.

He still follows me on instagram but doesn't look at my stories anymore. I've noticed this girl he recently followed and likes all her pictures. Just makes me feel shitty. 

I feel so embarrassed and I'm hurt because I was excited to see him, and feel like I did this whole thing so wrong, like it was my fault. Please be kind and help me cut myself some slack.

TL;DR! Was talking to a guy who I was excited to meet, he kept asking for me to send him pics of my body, we had a date planned but he cancelled 1 hour before and I haven't heard from him since. I'm pretty embarrassed and am very hurt by this. Please be kind as I am very hard on myself as-is."|kilokilla|False|https://redd.it/ekmva9|1|0.57|0|12|1|relationships
ekmu5a|2020-01-06 01:49:26|I [M20] feel frustrated that my partner [F20] puts an unproportional amount of effort. How can I approach her about my feelings in a non-hostile way?|"I [M20] am in a romantic relationship with an amazing person [F20]. Now we're both pretty busy people. We both go to college. We both have two jobs. She has a major hobby that takes up her time and I play music (I practice 1-3 hours/day when I can and I go to rehearsal). We don't tend to have a lot of free time and when we do, it's usually only at night.

Because of this, I really value the time we have together. Our main activities are watching movies, talking, listening to music, and sleeping together until one of us has work the next day. I do my best to try to always suggest other things (ex. concerts, museums, movies, hiking) just so it isn't boring for her. I even gave her a lame coupon book with some 'interesting' activities (ex. ""I'll hold a tarantula for 1 minute""). 

There are times when she's really tired from work and she wants to rest alone instead of hanging out. Sometimes she'll tell me just an hour or two before we plan to meet. (I would like to make it clear that I understand why she may want to be alone instead of be with people and I have never confronted her about my feelings of frustration. I always tell her to rest up and that I'm there if she needs anything.) It just upsets me because I try my best to see her no matter what. I could get off a 12 hour shift, have a bad day, or feel overloaded with work/school, but I still want to see her more than anything. She's my favorite part of the week. It just makes me feel kinda upset that she doesn't try to make me a priority the same way I do with her. 

It's even more frustrating that she sucks at digital communication. She'll either text back after hours, and/or not even reply back after messaging back only a few minutes. Then I'll usually say goodnight and then it'll be radio silence. I know she cares by the way we are when we're together. It's just the current circumstances make it feel like she isn't really making me a priority, as she I can't see her or really talk to her sometimes and I never know when I will be again. I miss her sometimes and I feel like a loser telling her ""I miss you"" after she hasn't even replied to a good morning text. At the same time, I understand why this is all happening, but no matter how much I try to logically look at it, I'm still upset. I feel like I'm always seeing and talking to her on her term.


So my question is: How do I approach her about my feelings? How do I go about wording it without making her feel like she not trying in the relationship? Or should I just not say anything and just soldier on?  I want her to be happy more than anything. I just feel like being able to tell her a lot my frustration may help both of us, but I'm scared of coming off as accusatory or clingy. She's one of the first people I've been with that 


TL;DR: I feeling like my partner isn't making me a priority in the same way I am with her. We barely see each other and we only really talk over text when she's free. I'm am frustrated. What is a healthy way I can approach her about my feelings or should I just suck it up?"|mannyinecon|False|https://redd.it/ekmu5a|1|0.67|0|2|1|relationships
ekmsex|2020-01-06 01:45:30|My BF (30M) Only Wants to Hang Out Twice a Week w/ Me (30 F). It Bothers Me|"Hey.

I've been w/ my bf for three months now and during the beginning, we strictly hung out once a week (on the weekend). It didn't bother me at first because we were still getting to know each other. Over a course of a few weeks, he would spend the night, but leave in the morning (11 am). Again, I wasn't bothered by this until month 2 and I brought up the fact that we don't even see each other during the week. I told him that I would like to spend more time with him and he was a bit defensive at first, saying that he does spend the night and hangs out with me. But now he made more of an effort to see me often--which is twice a week.

He's a bit of an introvert. I am as well so I understand that he needs time to himself. Also, he's got a few projects that he's working on so that keeps him busy.

But still.. I just don't feel like our relationship is progressing. In my previous relationship, I was with my ex all the time. Something just feels off with this current relationship, but I feel like I'm being paranoid. We haven't even spent one full day together and I just feel like that is odd.

Can anyone give me some insight from their experience w/ their partners regarding this? How did you broach the topic?

tl;dr boyfriend only wants to hang out twice a week. I feel like relationship isn't progressing because of it."|Palmtree222|False|https://redd.it/ekmsex|1|0.57|0|12|1|relationships
ekmr6e|2020-01-06 01:42:55|My friend (18F) can’t take a hint to shut up|"I love my friend, I really do, but I’m growing more and more exhausted with them daily. We get along fine and have many things in common but one thing that they do that’s grinding on my nerves and actually becoming a really big problem is my friends lack of boundaries and awareness, at least when it comes to personal time. I’ll be doing something like reading or trying to watch a video and she’ll continuously try and talk to me about trivial things. That I could even understand in certain mind sets as it’s leisure time but there have been times when I’m late and rushing and she randomly stops me to try and put her input on things not pertaining to what’s happening at all, I just feel like if someone’s rushing you shouldn’t bother them? You should realize they’re on a time crunch and trying to get things done as fast as they can and trying to distract them would just put stress and agitate them?  We live together which makes it even worse so I never can get alone time. Just today I was sick and she came and laid down with me, I wouldn’t have been bothered and would have even liked her company If she wouldn’t have tried to engage me every 5 seconds. I tried to mention at times that it hurt to breath but she just continued. Eventually I just stopped responding and continued to lay down and after the third time I didn’t respond she got up and left. It would have been fine if she stayed and continued doing what she was doing on her phone and just not showing me again and again. We’ve been friends for years and it makes me sad thinking of us like this. What can I do? 

TL;DR! - My friend who I live with can’t take hints when to be quiet."|stanlyylnatsthethird|False|https://redd.it/ekmr6e|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekmlxz|2020-01-06 01:31:59|I’m having issues with my relationship and I don’t know what to do... (20M) (21F)|"I’ve been dating her for about a year.

I love her personality; when she’s around her friends, or when we are acting like friends. 

But maybe we aren’t compatible. Idk. The longer I date her the more I’m seeing the issues with her.

1. She cries over anything and everything. I see her once a week for 2 days and she’ll cry at least once during that time period, over something meaningless or me putting the toothpaste in the wrong spot.

2. She needs reassurance every day. She asks every single day “do you still love me?” And if I criticize anything she does or after she cries she asks that. 

3. She gets jealous and always craves attention. I made a new coworker friend and she said that “I don’t like how close you are getting with your friend, I know it’s shitty for me to say! But you’re mine” (the coworker was the same sex as me) 

4. She is super sensitive. It’s like I’m walking on egg shells. She teased me about my pubic hair so I teased her about it and she either cries or says “that was mean”. 

The problem is how ingrained we are within each other. I know her extended family, she knows mine. I talk to her dad a lot. I’ve spent all of my free time the past year with her or her friends. I’ve made no new friends, and lost some as well. If we broke up I would be incredibly lonely.

She’s really attractive, the best I could get. The sex is good. She’s super insecure about everything.

I guess I’m happy in the relationship overall, but all of these perks I’ve said really bother me. We’ve been dating for a while now and I’m not sure if I want to take the next step. I also fantasize what it would be like to be single. Hang out with friends an entire weekend that I barely met, going on fun dates. I can’t do that with her. My weekends are consumed by her. 

I do love her. When she’s my friend I love her personality. But when love gets thrown into the mix she becomes incredibly clingy, emotional, jealous, and so much more.


TL;DR I don’t know if me and my girlfriend are compatible. Need someone else’s opinion."|stupidcsstudent69|False|https://redd.it/ekmlxz|1|0.6|0|1|1|relationships
ekmj4m|2020-01-06 01:25:42|Could a last date work?|"I’ve made the same post in relationship advice but I’m desperate, sorry and thanks. My girlfriend (19F) and I (19M) broke up because she says she isn’t ready. Last night I asked her if things just started to feel wrong and she said the relationship has felt like an obligation for the last few weeks. I never knew she felt like that and she wants to give up on this relationship. So I asked for one last date, one where we could just leave everything when we see each other and just have fun for a day and see if she thinks she is willing to give it another shot. As much I want to go into this with hope, I know I shouldn’t because one day probably isn’t going to fix the weeks of struggles I put her in. But I don’t want to give up and I would appreciate any advice I get. We are also people who are in the same friend group. 

TL;DR : I’m going on one final date and I know it won’t end well and I want know how I should handle it."|ThrowRA_EastDatabase|False|https://redd.it/ekmj4m|1|0.67|0|1|1|relationships
ekmdv2|2020-01-06 01:14:50|Husband(30m) cheated on me(30f) but we have children with complex needs and I am not sure what to do.|"I just found out that my husband(30) has been cheating on me(30f). We have been married for 7 years and have 2 young children with special needs. With in three days I learned that he spent thousands of dollars in a few days and has multiple online dating profiles. I'm heartbroken, disgusted and embarrassed. Our children are both autistic and have other complex medical needs that require 15-20 appointments weekly and strict care. This past year has been very challenging with our children but that has fallen on my shoulders. 

We have had a good marriage overall and never imagined this would happen. I have contemplated leaving but financially I couldn't afford it. I feel trapped and I hate it and him for doing this to us.

TL;DR- Husband (30m) cheated on me (30f) and I don't know what to do as we have children with special needs."|RemarkableJoke4|False|https://redd.it/ekmdv2|1|0.57|0|21|1|relationships
ekmcqd|2020-01-06 01:12:26|I [19M] don't know what to do because my gf [18F] may have to break up if her parents find out|"So I've been in a relationship this wonderful girl for almost 7 months now and we met about 9 months ago. We met the beginning of the summer and became super close and fell in love and are in a long distance relationship because of school and it's about a 5 hour car ride. The distance hasn't really caused many issues and I visit when I can. She however cannot visit because she is Indian and her parents are pretty strict traditional Indian. This is where the ""problems"" come in. 

She is not allowed to date and we've been secretly dating but I have met her parents and her brother. I met them as a friend and well it didn't go well at all and just the fact that I had showed up to the party which is where I met them really pissed off her mom. Now I have accepted that the only way her parents would really accept me is when I get out of school and get a job and stuff like that in about 6 years as I have to go to grad school. But the problem is if her parents find out we are really dating (even though I think they figured out we were in the summer despite all my gf has done to make them think otherwise) it would be really bad for my gf. She thinks that a lot of the already limited freedoms she has would be taken away such as going out with friends (which is limited because she isn't allowed to really go out whenever she wants or multiple times a week), her wifi access, having her phone in her room at night, and other things like that. She already told her immature younger brother we ""broke up"" because he constantly threatens to ""expose her"" and really stresses her out , even tho we are still dating and are generally very happy. But she said if her parents find out before an extended amount of time (3 years maybe) she doesn't think she could convince them to let her date me and she said she would break up with me. 

I have tried suggesting that she should tell them and be honest in the past and she has said no or I have tried to get her to talk with her parents, who do genuinely love her, and try and talk through the problems they have and to discuss giving her more freedoms. I mean this girl is almost 19 and is a phenomenal student and has really only stepped out of line with her parents rules by dating me. 

I went through a really tough break up a year and a half ago and even tho thinking back on it it was the best decision as we started to become toxic to each other and I was getting worse with mental health it was still incredibly difficult. I wasn't given very many reasons as to why my exe broke up with me and ended up cutting off contact, so I really only have self reflections to go off of which combined with the spike in my depression didn't make the last year easy. If my current gf and I were forced to break up because of her parents I think I would go through that depressive spike again not to mention it would break my heart because we both really like each other. 

I don't know what to do because this girl has become a huge part of my life and as important as her family is to her I think some of the things they do to her are toxic and borderline abusive (her brother is an asshole to her and her parents have been emotionally abusive to her in the past). We have talked about the situation and ultimately I think she feels like she has to stay submissive to them even tho it may be for another 10 years (she is going to school to become a doctor which her dad told her she has to do and she can't do anything otherwise) and she values family over everything. I don't want to break up with her at all and it would crush her to but sometimes I think im causing problems in her life even tho she says I changed it 100% for the better. But I'm also worried that we will be dating for 2 years then one accidental text will get seen by her mom and then hell will break loose. I just don't know this is really difficult situation and I don't want to lose her if anyone has been in a semi similar situation or has any advice for either me or her I would greatly appreciate it. 

Sorry if this is a jumble I've never posted anything like this on Reddit.

tl;dr My girlfriend's parents are strict traditional Indians who would make us break up if they found out"|The_Lord_of_Trees|False|https://redd.it/ekmcqd|1|0.67|0|0|1|relationships
ekd9kx|2020-01-05 13:52:47|My boyfriend (30M) and I (22F) always fight when it comes to family|"TL;DR  My boyfriend (30m) and I (22f) dont get along when it comes to family. I tried to talk with him and explain the fact that my family would like to see him more. He wont listen to me at all.  What should I do? 

I have been with my boyfriend for almost 3 years. 

My family is one of the most important thing to me and my boyfriend doesn't get that. I sometimes have dinners with my parents (which are divorced, so I have dinners about 3-4 times/month) and he sais that I have to many and that I should not invite him everytime.

The thing is that my boyfriend never wants to come with me. He prefers to stay home and play videogames instead. 

At first, I understood the fact that he only has his mom and has no sibblings, so he doesn't have the same feeling about spending time with his family. He sees his mom only once or less in a month. 

Now, I am feeling a bit sad about all of this, because he didn't want to come with me for Christmas of NYE because it's with my family, when all my sibbling had their boyfriends with them. We often fight about that and it is becoming really annoying. I feel alone in every family dinners because I am the only one who doesn't have my boyfriend with me. 
When he do comes, he takes his own car so he can leave sooner, which I find a bit disrespectfull.

I dont really know if I am still happy with all of that and I am starting to feel like we won't get along for long from now on. 

I tried to sit and talk with him to explain how I feel about all of that but he won't listen/understand."|Grand-Raccoon|False|https://redd.it/ekd9kx|8|0.79|0|28|1|relationships
ekhgto|2020-01-05 19:11:34|Does this mean he (27) is serious about me (27F)|"I had asked my new BF yesterday and today to send his pics from our trip. He said he will but was busy, etc. Then when I asked the third time, I explained that I want to show my parents and then he sent the pics right away. So....was he feeling lazy, busy, or wanted to make sure I really like him? Last month, we had started talking about meeting parents a few months from now. 

\------------------------

TLDR: BF didn't send his pics from our trip until I said I want to show my parents. Was he testing my interest?"|newfishdating|False|https://redd.it/ekhgto|4|0.61|0|26|1|relationships
ekj79x|2020-01-05 21:15:19|Is stabilising the key here?|"Would appreciate if you read the whole thing, as I really do need good advice on this. I apologise for length. I know the TLDR is pretty long too lol. I would also appreciate if we all just stuck to the topic, which is stability and its effect on relationships.

TL;DR = 22M, 21F. I met his girl years ago. I was unstable due to recent emotional trauma. Some BS got us to end up in a fight and hurt -- her more than me. Year later, become bffs but she's dating someone. Friendzones me. Month later, she falls in love w me and we start a relationship. **Everything seems stable** in our lives. Few months on, she finds out she's being forced to move country for 1yr, and gets depressed about ending college - the best times in her life. **She seems very unstable** and starts acting up, we keep having minor arguments. She realises she's losing feelings for me fast and doesn't know why, week or 2 later breaks up w me. We stay friends but she's hot/cold. Goes between not wanting anything to do w me and regretting breaking up. **Few months later, she stabilises** and accepts she's dating me. She declares her love for me again. She then moves away and **the instability comes back**. Again, she can't seem to forget I hurt her years ago, even though she knows I'm a new man now and have been treating her perfectly for the past couple of years. A few months go by and she keeps battling with this in her head. But it is very on/off and back/forth between extremely in love and obsessed with me & hurt by how i treated her back then and angry w me. Last week, she ended things by telling me she needs to move on from this chapter, as she doesn't want to keep fighting in her head, ie she concluded she can't stop associating how I hurt her years ago with the new man I am today. 

I feel like stability has a lot to do with this and giving her space and time will help a lot. When she stabilises I feel she may come around again but I'll see when the time comes and what I want then. 

\----------------------------------------------------------

I met this girl a couple of years ago and we hit it off amazingly. We liked each other very very much but I was not in the right emotional space to get into anything serious. I told her this and told her that I *do* have plans to be more serious with her in the future, when I heal from my recent emotional trauma, and I meant it fully too. 

We ended up having a fight and we had some terrible people/influences around us which ended up leaving us both very hurt. It took me a good while to heal from all this. 

We would speak on/off throughout the next year, and over summer '18, I decided to forget about the past and just be her friend. I developed hard feelings for her, but she friendzoned me as she was dating someone else and happy with him. 

I was told to move on, give up, it'll never happen etc by most people, but the guy messed things up and she slowly developed feelings for me too. Eventually we declared our love and started a beautiful relationship by the end of that summer.

*Now, I'll start explaining the main topic here, which is* ***stability***

**After that summer,** **she seemed extremely stable** with me and we had no fights at all. If we did, we would talk about it and get through it together. 

A month or two into the new year, she found out she was being forced to move away to another country with her parents for a year after finishing college. She was also upset about finishing college since she loved it so much.

**She became increasingly emotionally unstable and depressed** as the days went by and I could feel her pulling away from me. It was the 2year anniversary of my father's passing and I, too, wasn't very stable emotionally. Although, we would still love each other a lot. We would have tiny stupid fights but it would end very toxicly, as neither of us was willing to accept the other person's side and she was unwilling to see my side of things. 

March 2018, this was amplified and kept increasing and built up. It was only <5 fights we had. Early April 2018, she broke up with me and said she's completely lost feelings and we're never getting back together again. It was over the minor fights, and the fact that she kept on remembering our past together, where I hurt her emotionally.

We stayed friends, but I was still very much in love. We would flirt a lot and talk a lot. But this came in bursts as she was very hot/cold with me. ie, she would be cute with me and then regret her decision and this happened a lot over and over. She would cry nearly everyday and would sometimes regret the breakup too. She would say a relationship is not what she wants in general right now - not just not with me.

I felt **she** **stabilised a couple months after** the breakup and was more relaxed when seeing me, talking to me, being with me. She started an internship and had less time alone with her thoughts. We were casually dating. We declared our love for each other after spending a weekend away together. We never slept beside each other before and she said it was like waking up in heaven. 

*Anyway, the time came for her to move away.*

She moves away and is now living in a very small town - a place people go for retirement. She doesn't drive, doesn't leave the house much, just spends time in her bed at home by herself or with her family. It sounds extremely depressing, that's because it is.

I feel around this time, **she became very unstable again** and would stay up late thinking about her past, and getting extremely anxious over tiny little events that happened, to the point she would have trouble sleeping or would start crying. I would talk her through these things and make her feel better.

Along with this, she would also start thinking a LOT about when I hurt her years ago, when *I* was going through some emotional trauma. I wasn't myself at all. She knows this as I've completely changed since then and became a much better, caring person and man. She loves me for this and that's why she fell in love with me twice. 

But when she thinks about this past between us, she says she would get angry at me for treating her like shit and would momentarily lose feelings for me, even though I did nothing at all in the present day. A while later, she would calm down and be normal with me again. This would happen a lot with her, especially when we would be very in love and cute with each other, that's mainly when it came out. It seems very self-destructive to me. 

She said she would think about it, get upset, but try her best to forget about it and she'd move on. But this would happen over and over for her. 

The reason she ended things last week was because she concluded she just can never forget what happened bewteen us in the past and how I hurt her back then. She told me she couldn't disassociate those bad feelings that the *old me* made her feel with the *new me* who has made her feel amazing, beautiful and so confident in herself. She doesn't know why. She says being with me makes her feel like she's throwing away her dignity and being with the man who hurt her, which is not the case. I try to remind her that was who I used to be, and who I am now is a *completely* different person. She does acknowledge this in her head with logic but for some reason she can't seem to disassociate those feelings for me, so she says it's her fault and knows I've treated her so amazingly all the time. 

I think I know why she does this, and **I think it's because she has been so emotionally unstable for so long,** where so many things are happening in her life that she just can't take it.

We decided to stay friends and she says she ""doesn't know"" if she would ever feel that way for me again, but ""as of now"" this is how she feels. 

I think it's a mature step to take to remain friends as we were pretty much best friends ever since we fell in love. We can't imagine our lives without each other. Even now. 

I'm moving on with my life in the meantime. Staying friends, I feel, would give her space and time to herself to allow her to move past those old feelings of hurt she associates with me and start seeing me for who I am today. When she comes back end of summer 2020, I feel she will stabilise and be a more emotionally strong version of herself. This is when I will see what I want and If I still want her, I may try and see where things go between us, as she hasn't completely closed the door for ""us"" yet. She just says as of now, she feels it won't happen again. And I read the included ""as of now"" as, her feelings *might* change, bc who knows. 

I know feelings and most things aren't permanent. First time I ended things, I told her ""not now, not ever"" to getting back together with her and I was certain. My feelings changed. First time she ended things, she told me it'll never happen again and she's certain. Her feelings changed too.

It all just seems like such a mess and we need some time apart romantically as friends to let it all settle.

Do you think everything here has to do with her stability in life in general? We never had problems when she was happy in her life in general and felt stable and secure. It's only when her life in unstable, she is too and has problems with her feelings and overthinks to the max. 

&#x200B;

PS = when she's happy, stable and with me, she always talks about marrying me and having a life with me etc. But I notice when she's unstable, she gets angry at the concept of marriage, hates it, doesn't ever want to spend her life with 1 person or ever wants to get married."|throwaway7732_|False|https://redd.it/ekj79x|2|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ekm6k1|2020-01-06 00:59:14|Am I (25F) and my friend (25M)using each other as an emotional crutch or do we like each other.|"My friend and I have know each other over the past 2-3 years,but we've recently become a lot closer to each other over the past few months.
I used to have a crush on him about a year ago, but I never did anything because he was in a relationship (he broke up with her for unrelated reasons). I then got into a relationship,which ended about 3 months ago.

We always were pretty good friends,but over the past 2 months or so we've been hanging out a lot together. Constantly texting, calling each other sometimes during the day, or spending free time with each other (roughly 3-4 hours everyday). And this has taken effort,  because of work plus neither of us really social that way. 

Recently, we've also been opening  up a lot more to each other. He's been telling me stuff about himself that I  know he's told very few other people. I've been surprised about it,because he's usually very closed off and does not trust easily. I have also been opening up,and I've told him about  my past relationship. 

Our friends are constantly teasing us together as a couple,but both of us ignore it and it's something we've never spoken about. We don't flirt at all,nor are we touchy. Except for the occasional walking close together.
The one time I have asked him if he was  over his ex as they had a very bad break up. And he said he's not completely over her,but he wouldn't want to get into a relationship with her. He also told me that he wouldn't want to be in a relationship right now because of personal reasons that I know of . He's been having a lot on his plate right  now,and I know he also just needs someone to talk to. That's what I'm afraid of,that he just sees me as a sounding board and nothing else.

He's not seeing anyone right now,but he  has on a few occasions pointed out someone he feels is pretty.

Tbh,I'm not even sure if I'm completely over my ex but I know I am moving on. It's easy for me to get confused with because my friend's always been someone I've liked,and now we've been spending a lot of time and being a lot more  honest with each other. My head is little all over the place right now,and I'm afraid it might be possible for me to start catching feelings. 

So, I'm wondering if there is a possibility he sees me as something more, or am I just a really good friend he sees me as? I'm afraid we're becoming each other's emotional crutch,and that's something I want to avoid. 

tl;dr  My friend who I've always had a crush on and I have been spending a lot of time together recently. We've both been getting emotionally intimate. Are we just friends or more?"|confusedand-more|False|https://redd.it/ekm6k1|1|0.99|0|1|1|relationships
ekm2p4|2020-01-06 00:50:59|I (34/M) was dumped right before new years by my ex (27/F) due to incompatibility. We have two very different attachment styles. I know what I have to do, but I would love another perspective.|"My ex and I started dating this past September. We originally started off as roommates and slowly built up to having feelings for one another. Initially we were both skeptical; my friends said it was a bad idea, so did hers. But in the end we started dating. We initially had rules. (E.g. no sleeping in the same bed on weekdays...etc). These rules over time became less and less enforced until.....we spent close to 90% of our time together. I am including during work hours too since we both worked from home. I tried to remedy this by getting a remote office, but it was clear this wasn't enough. The good news is we both are Psych nerds and we attempted to problem solve through communications and white board diagrams. 

It became apparent we were in the typical Anxious / Avoidant attachment relationship. I wanted her there, she didn't want me there. This went back and forth; occasionally we would have two weeks of good times, then back to arguing and problem solving. It didn't help that we would live together and couldn't just leave and give the other person a few days to think. All this came to an end, she had initially invited me to spend time with her family during X-mas. During an argument, I had mentioned I was confused by the hot and cold behavour. (Asking for space but then inviting me to Xmas), this resulted in my invitation being taken which I did not handle well, but eventually agreed to. 

She went to spend X-mas with family and I was alone for two weeks. 4 days before she was set to come back home I had texted her ""I miss you"" before she replied ""I miss being home too, but I am spending time with family, I know it will be an emotional goodbye"". I told her to enjoy time with her family, but that the text came off as dismissive. I never heard back. She ended up showing up 4 days later; giving me a hug and telling me that we needed to talk. I asked her if she wanted to break up; she said yes....

The next bit I am not proud of, I begged and pleaded. To the point where I got her to agree to give us 2 days together as a couple to see if the connection was still there. We had sex that night...the next day she asked me to go for a walk and told me she didn't feel anything. I got really upset, I went back home and started to pack, I knew I couldn't stay there (I was clearly triggered), she came back to me packing my things, and her asking where I was going. I told her I was no longer her business. And then had a couple of more arguments, where I shed tears, and she just watched....She told me I had scared her, I can see why in hindsight the extreme of emotions during the breakup. I packed my car and left. I was driving back to where I came from....about 40 hours away. I ended up stopping the care about 4.5 hours into the trip.....I knew I had made a mistake. I tried to call her but she didn't pick up. She called me back and asked what I wanted. I told her I wanted to come home, that I had made a mistake. She told me she was scared of me and didn't want me to come back home. 

I ended up getting an AirBnB for a few days, I tried to repair the damage stating I wanted to be her friend and work things out. She said the potential of being friends or roommates was now over. So now I have a new place lined up for Wednesday. I am at an AirBNB until then.....I am alone, trying to come to terms with how quickly things happened. I initially told her I would sell her my furniture at a loss (about half it's value) but she's insistent of me going to get it and being present when I go get it..... I don't want to see her right now, and I feel this is being forced on me.  

I know there are things I have to work on myself, mainly my physical fitness which sparks my insecurity; but other things like being more forgiving of people, having better patience....etc 

I care about her a lot, but in hindsight I don't think I loved her....I think I loved the idea of what she could be. My gut tells me we will get another chance, I had no idea when that will be. 

TLDR: Dumped by my ex/roommate due do having different goals/insecurities. I need to work on myself to fix my insecurities, I had no idea if I will be able to address these in time to save the potential of this relationship."|CnC_Citizen|False|https://redd.it/ekm2p4|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekm1i3|2020-01-06 00:48:26|Wish you could read this and tell my why|"We (18F) & (18M) have been at the same highschool for two years but we've never talked, until last year...

It began with him sitting in weird ways towards me, staring at me or even looking at me from the corner of his eyes. 

Those times were countless, so I decided to get closer to him, to know why he's been staring at me frequently. 


We grew closer a bit. I thought he had a crush on me, cosnsedring that he was trying to learn more about me and do things to impress me. And I won't lie, I got to the point where I might have developed feelings for him.

This year we go to the same collage, our classes are in different times. But last week we met two times, after months. And suddenly all the thoughts I had back then came to my mind again, after i had forgot how it felt during summer break.

And yes he's back with the same ""look"" from the corner of his eyes and he greeted me enthusiastically, but we didn't talk.

I will probably see him tomorrow due to exams.

I wish I could talk to him to know if it is a crush or not, it's so hard for me not to know. And I literally don't know what to do :(.

Any advice ? 
Thank you!

TL;DR : A guy keeps staring at me in a ""crushy"" way *lol!!* and I don't know what to do."|throvvavvay385|False|https://redd.it/ekm1i3|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekftsq|2020-01-05 17:16:09|My [22F] boyfriend [23M] asked for “space” pretty out of the blue, we haven’t spoken in a week and I’m afraid he’s just not being forthright|"TL;DR Boyfriend asked for space but isn’t necessarily clear on if this is because he’s exhausted after one of the most stressful experiences of his life or because he wants to break up. Either way I’m confused. Either way I think this is going to end in break up.

VERY LONG SORRY

My SO and I have been dating for 3 years now, and truly our relationship has been lovely. We’re very balanced and open with one another, I love him very much— I could’ve said confidently a month ago he felt the same way. I’m just trying to get across that there was really no indication of an end coming— it hit me like a ton of bricks. 

He’s originally from Europe, and this Christmas we went back to his hometown to visit his family— who I also love dearly. On Christmas Eve, he whipped out an “I need space” and I was blindsided.

Some background, we’re both in film and he just had a massive opportunity to direct a feature which I worked on as well. It was incredibly stressful and exhausting, it was maybe the most difficult thing we’ve been through together. So honestly, yes, asking for “space” was completely fine with me, I needed some too. Piggy-backing the shoot with Christmas I could understand was taxing.

The issue though, was in his lack of clarity. Sometimes he would say “I need space because I’m exhausted,” which was fine, and then other times he would say “I need space to reevaluate our relationship” which was painful. As many times as I asked for specificity this was the best he could give me. 

The worst part, was that he said this on the second day I was there out of an eight day long trip. I couldn’t fly back home for financial reasons, and I have no contacts there so I was stuck with him. As many good conversations as we had about this, the whole thing devolved into a mess which made the situation a million times worse.

We would spend our day relatively normally, with some tension as well as some sweet moments. And then at night, when I was alone with my thoughts, I would just cry and he would refuse to hold me as he would say it would make the situation “too confusing.” He would also say I was crying because I hadn’t accepted the situation in my heart yet, when I would tell him to clarify what the “situation” was exactly (looking for him to definitively say break up)— he would just say space. I have never been so fucking mad at him, and it just got worse overtime. He also said, “when I’m not around you I miss you so much and I just can’t bear it, but when I am I’m stressed”

On top of this, we had plans to move in together in January— we had been planning this for a year. He had been wanting me to move in earlier but I said no. Now, when everything was set (I literally just transferred the lease to my apartment a week before this happened), I found myself without a place and had to move back in with my parents. 

So I’m filled with mixed signals. I’m holding onto this painful glimmer of hope that is fueled by his ambiguity on the matter, and I don’t know if it’s worth holding onto. I’m also just shocked, I mean I really wasn’t expecting this— even if you look at our texts he’s incredibly gushy. We haven’t spoken since I left which was about a week ago and I’ve just been preparing myself for a full break up.

How much space does he really need? Isn’t it a “if you know, you know” situation? I’m afraid his ego bloomed from the opportunity and this may be coming out of that? Has anyone been through something like this? How do I just get this shit off my mind? 

Thanks in advance."|rosoideae|False|https://redd.it/ekftsq|4|0.81|0|4|1|relationships
eklw7p|2020-01-06 00:37:43|Do we need a break?|"Hello everyone. I apologize in advanced because this going to be a long one... 
A little bit of a backstory, my boyfriend (20) and I (20) have been dating for almost 5 years and living together for 3. He has been my biggest rock and my best friend throughout it all. Last year around this time he had a mental breakdown and broke up with me, kicked me out of our house and said a lot of extremely hurtful things. He also tried to get with his best friends girlfriend that same night. We had no idea where any of this came from and things have never been the same since. His relationship with his best friend non-existent and all of his other friends have completely cut him out of their lives. We all were traumatized by this experience but, I forgave him and we moved on. Things had been going fine,  I experienced a lot of emotional issues due to the breakup but continue to work through them in therapy. We also found out in November that we were pregnant and we decided to keep the baby but unfortunately I miscarried and it really took a toll on us and our relationship. Recently he told me he doesn’t want to live with me next year due to wanting to learn to be independent and I’ll be honest that completely crushed me. He made it clear that he doesn’t want to breakup but just wants to live independently. But I still feel as I have done something wrong and that he is going to breakup with me again. I have become a mess and am having constant nightmares of him cheating and breaking up with me. Anytime I think of what happened last year I have a panic attack. I feel completely lost and lonely. We love each other so much and I never want to lose him, but I don’t know if we need a break from each other? I don’t know if that’s what he wants and maybe he is afraid to tell me? Please throw out some advice and let me know what you think.

TL;DR : boyfriend had a mental breakdown last year and broke up with me. We got back together and things were going great until he told me he doesn’t want to live with me next year. Do we need a break?"|norral|False|https://redd.it/eklw7p|1|0.67|0|8|1|relationships
eklvqr|2020-01-06 00:36:43|Cant get over past|"I've been dating a girl for 11 months now we are both in college, she is my first one but shes had a Fwb before.we  had talked about it  before and This made me feel bad on and off but I had overcome it through months of ERP

 One night we were together and I was on her phone texting her best friend in atlanta we're both open book and I accidentally scrolled up and saw her talking about hooking up with him. I was really drunk and then I went through her past messages with him and I dont regret anything more then that. For the past month after seeing that I've been really messed up and fixated on her past. I never intended to snoop but I did and she felt bad but forgave me. 

We have talked alot about it and I've tried so hard to overcome it and went to therapy and am using techniques to try to habituate and become okay with it  but it's just not working. 

She loves me so much and I love her too, and she is really supportive of me and sympathizes with me. She has never given me any reason to mistrust her and shes an amazing and compassionate partner but this has been really messing with my mental health. I wake up in the morning and fixate on her having sex with that guy. I know how irrational this thinking us but I just cant overcome it no matter how hard I try. 

So now I'm thinking about going on a break with her and just experiencing things with different women. I feel like I'm going to regret it because I love this girl but being with her brings me so much pain because these thoughts are constant. I still want to end up dating her and being with her but I regret getting together with her without experiencing things with other people. 

Tl;dr : cant get over girlfriends past and thinking about going on a break and having sex with other people"|Thebreezy_1|False|https://redd.it/eklvqr|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekls5c|2020-01-06 00:29:23|[23 M] My pros and cons list about my graduation in a week.|"Pros:

-I will never feel hungry anymore (thanks to my mom)

-Free internet

-Cozy house

-Big TV with Netflix

-Better city and also my hometown

-Laying down for 2 or 3 months

-I can plan 2020 through moving abroad (it’s one of my dreams)

Cons:

-I have to make new friends there, because big part of my friends are moved away (lonely af)

-I won’t smoke weed very often (at least with the feeling of freedom)

-I seriously have to find a way for moving abroad


I‘m very depressed about growing up. I know it’s childish way of thinking, but I can’t help myself about being extremely sad about this “My university life ends here” kinda feeling. Do you have any advices?

TL; DR: I’m depressed about my university life is ending in few days and I can’t be optimistic not matter how hard I try..."|KurtarBeniNevra|False|https://redd.it/ekls5c|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
eklqmg|2020-01-06 00:26:05|Me [24M] desperately needs help with my attachment issues with girl I am seeing [24F]|"I always become waaay too attached to women I am talking to and it's beginning to frustrate me and destroy me a little inside, because when they pull away I am left absolutely emotionally devastated. I have no problem getting the attention of a woman I like, asking them on dates and even hooking up, but I'm looking for something more meaningful and I think I take things very quickly and become incredibly attached, jealous and paranoid. All this jealousy and paranoia is not good for my mental health honestly and maybe I'm not in the right place for a relationship, but then I can't see myself ever being in the right place...

I got out of a 3-year relationship at the start of 2018, that pretty much emotionally ruined me until the summer of 2019. Now this attachment problem has happened once before with a girl after that relationship and I can see it currently happening right now with the girl I am talking to. We have known each other for years but only just decided to date about a week and half ago, since then things have moved incredibly fast. I live with my parents, and she's already been over a few times and met my parents, we've slept together and only been out on one proper date.

The problem is, she is speaking to a few lads from Tinder that she considers her friends. Now they could well be her friends but given the circumstances they met, I think I know the lad's motives. I hate social media, ESPECIALLY SNAPCHAT, it feeds my paranoia when getting to know someone. At the same time I can see how stupid I am being, we've only been dating just over a week but I can't stop the paranoid thoughts that she is cracking on with other lads, sending sexts etc (she's told me she's done this before). Given the secretive nature of Snapchat and the whole maps thing so it becomes irresistible to see where she is, it's a recipe for disaster and something I should probably delete but it's how most girls want to talk. And even if I didn't have it, I'd be just as paranoid knowing they're using it. I feel like in the days before social media, there were fewer opportunities for people to mess around with other people and get away with it so people were a lot more loyal. It feels like every girl I get talking to is talking to at least 5-10 other lads and it feels like I'm playing a game, a competition, when from my perspective, I like this girl a lot, so why would I speak to other women when I am dating this woman? 

This paranoia and these attachment problems show through sometimes when I make a comment about some lad sending her kisses and calling her gorgeous, and she continues to reply to him and entertain him. Firstly, I know who she texts is NONE of my business at this point, I know I am being weird, BUT I CAN'T HELP FEELING THIS WAY. I have acted with jealousy and that is incredibly unattractive. I become very needy.

It really hit home for me today when I asked if maybe instead of her coming to mine, I could go to hers (she lives with family too), she looked very awkward and I asked what was wrong, and she said we've only been dating for a week, and meeting her parents makes things pretty serious (although they already know about me, according to her), which is completely fair enough. And then there's the sex, I get completely obsessed over it because I basically can't ejaculate from sex, so I never feel satisfied. I always make the girl the complete focus of the whole thing, and they seem to enjoy it, but I am left feeling weird and it turns my mood very sour to the point that sex isn't even enjoyable between me and the girl anymore. But that's probably another issue, maybe this all stems from the same thing.

My paranoia about other lads, my attachment issues, my insecurity and my unhealthy obsession with these thoughts is a real problem for me. How do I learn to not give a shit, become more confident and not make the relationship the main focus of my life. She's currently blanking my recent reply to her, so I can safely assume I've ruined this encounter too, after just over a week of dating. I'm not going to message her, let's just see if she comes back. This has happened before. I need help.

I know no one will probably reply to this and help me but just writing it down and expressing my problems feels better. Thanks for reading.

tl;rd I become incredibly attached to women I am speaking to. I get paranoid about social media and this paranoia and jealously feeds through into my comments and behaviour and ultimately ruins my relationships."|Antique_Coast|False|https://redd.it/eklqmg|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekbm67|2020-01-05 10:56:26|My [25F] boyfriend [24M] has a drinking problem, but refuses to quit the bar he works at|"My boyfriend and I have been together a little over a year and it's been pretty messy for the last half of the relationship. He works at a bar, which is not necessarily a huge issue itself for me. The issue is that he's an alcoholic, both obviously and self admittedly. While I'm not really a drinker myself, we actually met at the bar that he works at. I didn't really realize the sheer amount of alcohol he drank when we first started dating. It's...a lot, every day. People told me, there were jokes about him being drunk and tales of his drunken antics, but I thought it was all just harmless, occasional party fun. As things started to progress and become more serious in our relationship and I spent more time with him, I realized that he drank way more than I had originally thought. However, we were already pretty serious at that time. About six months ago I brought up my concern that maybe he drank a little too much, and maybe he should try finding a second job so he could cut his hours down at the bar and try to work on his drinking problem. He agreed to that, if it would make me happy. Months go by, no progress made. It actually seemed like it got worse, and so did our fighting. For the past month now, it seems like he's drunk every single night, and every single night I'm furious about it. And every single day after he sobers up, he promises things will be different eventually. I drive him home every night. I make sure he's safe every night. I'm at the point where I no longer feel comfortable with him working at the bar at all. He begs me not to end things, but then will say things that imply that I'm in the wrong. He'll say that I'm giving him an unfair ultimatum when I say that I'll leave him if he doesn't quit the bar. He'll say he likes his job, and it's not fair of me to ask him to quit doing things that he likes. He says that he promises that he'll drink less, but refuses to quit the bar. Honestly, he's said these things to me so many times that I'm starting to believe that maybe I'm overreacting about the whole thing, but then whenever I see him drunk again, my heart breaks. I don't know if I really am in the wrong here for not wanting to deal with his alcoholism or if I'm justified in my frustration. Am I being unfair for asking him to quit a job that he likes and did prior to even meeting me, or am I being more unfair to myself by staying in a relationship with someone who only wants to keep harming himself?


TLDR; My boyfriend is an alcoholic that works at a bar and is refusing to quit. Not sure whether I'm being unfair in asking him to quit, or if I'm justified in my frustration."|krisrhis|False|https://redd.it/ekbm67|13|0.93|0|13|1|relationships
eklprh|2020-01-06 00:24:19|Can I tell my boyfriend (22) that I (22f) can’t stand his childhood friend (23m)|"This guy sucks. Like everything he does gets on my nerves, I’ve never loathed anyone so much before. There are many reasons (politics, mannerisms, attitude), but nothing truly HARMFUL. He just annoys the shit out of me. 

There’s really no reason for me to tell my boyfriend that I hate him so much, but I really want to get it off my chest and ask him how he could be friends with such a fucking douche. I can tell that he gets annoyed with his childhood friend and has mentioned before that his friend bothers him, but I just say things like “maybe he’s depressed” or “I’m sure he didn’t mean it”. Anyway, would it be a bad move for me to rant about this guy to my boyfriend? Or should I just stay quiet about the whole relationship? 

TLDR; my boyfriend’s friend sucks and I wanna tell my boyfriend, but I don’t know if it’s gonna make me look bad."|hymenu|False|https://redd.it/eklprh|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
eklley|2020-01-06 00:15:26|Roommate inserts herself way too much into my personal life and doesn't respect my disabilities or personal space at all|"My (26M) roommate (33F) and I have been living together for a while now. We've been friends a long time and when her previous housemate moved out we moved in together thinking it'd be great.

&#x200B;

Honestly, it's caused me a LOT of stress. She goes into my room without permission, tries to tell me what I should and shouldn't be doing with my room (everything from how I chose to have my furniture arranged to telling me to clean my room - it's not messy but she decides it is because it's not to her standards). I do most of the housework because she won't, she uses the excuse that she's ""spent the day looking after her pets"" despite the fact that I ALSO have pets, spend most of the day with her dog (I even walk her dog), and pets are a SEPARATE thing to the housework that she CHOSE to own and deal with. If you don't have time to look after your pets and do housework then you shouldn't have them. We are both disabled and she doesn't accept ""Hey my body is in a lot of pain right now can I do the thing in about a half hour?"" as a reason not to immediately get up and do something; and will then go and do it in whilst loudly huffing to ensure I can hear that she's angry that I didn't immediately go and do the thing. She uses my PS4 to watch stuff on, and at one point she was watching a four+ hour stream on it. I mentioned that I would like to watch something else/play a game and she could easily watch it on her tablet or laptop, but she told me that if I didn't want to watch a four hour+ stream of some annoying YouTubers playing a game I can't stand, then I should go sit in my room. Which, would be valid, if she wasn't using MY console to watch it. I wanted to play a game on MY console. I paid for it, I own it, it should be up to me whether I get to use it. She also tends to turn it off at the plug, and it keeps warning me if it keeps happening the PS4 could break. I have asked her not to do this, and she claims to not do it, but the warning has never come up when I have turned it off properly.

&#x200B;

Not too long ago she pitched a fit when a guy I was having a sexual relationship with got stranded in my city on his way back from an event and asked if it would be okay if he spent the night here. I asked her if it was okay, and she agreed, but spent the ENTIRE evening posting on facebook about it, ranted about it in a chat group the guy was in, and basically told all of our mutual friends I was a ""slut"" and disgusting for having a casual sexual relationship. I wanted a relationship with this guy, and it was a possibility in the future (He had some personal issues that made it hard for him to commit at the time), and most of the reason we stopped seeing each other was because she made him so uncomfortable. 

&#x200B;

The thing that has spurred this post is that I have made the decision to come off of an anti-depressant. I have to come off of it fully before trying a new one, and I'm withdrawing. I feel extremely sick, but I was having a lot of issues on this medication. She's now said she's going to call the doctors tomorrow to get me an appointment so I can put myself BACK on the medication because she's decided I need it and that I'll be ""crazy"" without it (She's never known me off of the medication, and I am definitely not ""crazy"" without it). I genuinely feel I am coping better with my mental health in the past year or so, and would like to have a brief respite from medication so I can gauge how I'm ACTUALLY doing before deciding whether to go back onto a different SSRI or not. This is my personal decision and choice and her deciding that she needs to call the doctor for me and in her words ""have a go at them"" so they put me back on my medication is not something I feel is acceptable at all. Even if they would not listen to her, I am NOT a child, I am not HER child and I do not need her inserting herself into my medical health.

&#x200B;

What do I do in a situation like this? I cannot afford to live elsewhere, rent in this house is cheap for the area, I LOVE my housemate most of the time, she just seems to have these phases of being a horrid person, and I don't really want to move out of my home.

&#x200B;

TL;DR! Roommate is inserting herself into my medical and mental health, and deciding she'll call the doctor for me and try to force them to put me back onto my anti-depressants that I have chosen to come off of."|DontEatYellowSnom|False|https://redd.it/eklley|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
eklkgu|2020-01-06 00:13:20|My Girlfriend [19] started an Only Fans without telling me about it|"So, I don't know if this possessive of me to think or not, but I feel like this should've been something we talked about as a couple before she decided. She off hand sent me screenshot today showing me that people had liked her post, and I asked her about it and she got all awkward. I asked her if she could show me the post and she said she'd feel weird doing that because it was from before our relationship. 

I find it very strange that she wouldn't approach me about this before hand, is that wrong? I'm not even 100% apposed to her having one, it's a little weird but I could get past it. The way she reacted when I asked her about it though implied she knew it was weird to have one and not tell me about it. We've we've dating pretty seriously for around 3 months now.

What are your thoughts? 

TL,DR: Girlfriend has an only fans and didn't tell me about it

(I'm a 19 year old male by the way)"|JacobRoberto|False|https://redd.it/eklkgu|1|1.0|0|17|1|relationships
eklkav|2020-01-06 00:12:58|Sort of a rant...very long...I just dont know what to do about this.|"My BF (40/M) and I (30/F) moved into a house in 2012. The house was unbelievably cheap, the price was unheard of. After living in that house for a year the landlord decided to sell the house so we had 3 months to move. We couldn’t find anything that was affordable for us by the deadline so we ended up putting a bunch of our stuff into storage and moving into a tiny bachelor apartment. Neither one of us had ever lived in an apartment building before. Having no bedroom was a huge adjustment for us and we decided that the living situation would be temporary.  

The first year that we lived in the bachelor (2013) we had a lot of unexpected expenses come up and didn't even think about moving. After that year I suggested we move into a 1 bedroom apartment. My BF was ADAMANT that he NEVER wanted to live in an apartment building again. He told me that if we were to move into a 1 bedroom apartment that our rent would cost more and make it even more difficult to save money so that we could eventually move into a house. I agreed with his logic and we stayed in the small apartment for another year.

At the end of our second year in the small apartment (2014) I suggested that since he is unwilling to move into an apartment (and neither one of us had been saving) that we start looking for a house to rent. He told me “I don’t want to pay huge amounts of money to rent a house when we would just be paying someone else’s mortgage. If we could just find a cheap  house for sale, maybe a fixer upper and save for a down payment then our mortgage could be even cheaper than the cost to rent a house… I want my own home”. I couldn’t argue with that logic.

So for our 3rd year living in the small apartment (2015) I kept an eye out for houses for sale …but every time I would show him a potential house to buy he would have some kind of excuse to not go and look at it. “It’s in the big city and I want to live in the country side”, “it’s way too much of a fixer upper”, “it’s too expensive” etc. I finally asked him what his deal was and he admitted that he didn’t want to move because he really wanted to live rurally, he despises the big city and at the time I didn’t have a drivers licence or a car so he felt kind of trapped, like we can’t move to the areas he wants to live because I don’t drive.

AND SO…. For our 4th year in the small apartment (2016) I dropped the idea of moving and put my focus on to getting my driver’s licence and a car (which I succeeded at).

 Our tiny apartment is pretty nice, we have a good relationship with our landlord, we like our neighbors, we live close to family and our rent is cheap…but we both have to commute insane distances to get to work, we are not allowed to have pets (and I REALLY want one), we can’t have overnight guests because we have no bedroom, we have no space for our things (our stuff is still in storage),  I am a very light sleeper and we have different work schedules (and did I mention no bedroom?) so I am constantly being woken up at ungodly hours and having to tip toe around in the dark so I don’t disturb him etc etc. SO anyways…..I took a year (2016) to get my driver’s licence and to get a car but then once that year was up and we were going into 2017 I switched my focus back onto the moving dilemma.

I talked to my BF about what our plan should be  going forward – now that I had my driver’s licence and a car, was buying a house something he was serious about and if so what steps did we need to take to get there? At this point he told me that he really worries about us buying a house because of our finances. We didn't have money saved and lived paycheck to paycheck – my boyfriend makes pretty decent money but he felt that I needed to make more money. …AND SO…. I spent the year of 2017 focusing on my career. I worked tons of overtime and talked to my employer about a raise. I ended up doubling my income that year.

Heading into our 5th year in the small apartment (2018) I came back to the moving issue. At this point my boyfriend was still going on about our financial situation.. He kept saying “you need to make more money” which was really hard for me to hear after doubling my income. We make a combined income of almost 90k a year. Unfortunately we live in a very expensive province, we are by no means rich BUT there are people out there who make less and seem to pull off renting a house. Then came the real shocker when my BF suddenly after all these years told me that he doesn’t want to try to buy a house anymore because the prices are ASTRONOMICAL (he’s not wrong) and we wouldn’t have the mortgage paid until he was retired. . . now he says that he wants to buy a piece of vacant land instead that we can use for a “get away” and just continue to live cheaply. I told him that this was okay for me, I don’t have to own a home to be happy, HOWEVER…I do need a bigger space with a bedroom and I do need to live in a place that I can get a dog.

So for the past 2 years (2018 and 2019) this has been the extent of our conversations.

ME: “I really can’t wait to move anymore…We need to move”.

HIM: “Well I am just not sure yet what I want to do so you just have to be patient… We will figure it out”.

ME: “I have been being patient for 7 years now. I am 30 years old. I want a dog. We need a bedroom”.  

HIM: “yeah well right now our bills are so cheap that we get to eat like kings and go on camping trips and to concerts. We ask for nothing… if we move to a more expensive house then we will be working just to pay the bills”.

ME: “I get what you’re saying but I am willing to make some sacrifices if it means having a bedroom and getting a dog and having more space”.

HIM: “well it’s really not that bad here…..it could be a lot worse…we could have a crappy landlord or nightmare neighbors”

ME: “you commute an hour and 30 minutes to work one way every day...do you really want to do that forever? I have wanted a pet for 10 years now. We are living out of a shoe box… I can’t do this anymore”

HIM: “well were not staying here forever…A pet could be nice but it could also be a shit show and a huge obligation too…if we move into a house our rent will be double or even triple what it is now…whats going to happen if we have these expensive bills and then one of our cars breaks or something..i don’t want to be in a position where we have to do without...I refuse to be put into a position where I work as hard as I do and have to eat ramen or Mr Noodles for dinner”

ME: “okay but with the amount of money we spend on eating out and trips and commuting etc I am convinced we will be okay”

HIM: “okay..well do you have any money saved right now? Have you seen the cost of renting a house these days? Its not even reasonable”

ME: angrily “okay …I AM MISERABLE HERE”

HIM: angrily “well if you are so miserable then leave then”.

ME: ""How could you have completely changed your mind about this place being temporary""?

HIM: "" I am comfortable here and it is cheap"".

I feel like him not wanting to move is selfish. He doesn’t really care if we get a pet so living in a place where we can’t have one doesn’t impact him. He leaves for work MUCH earlier than me – meaning it is him waking me up in the mornings (not him being woken up) and it doesn’t impact him. He goes to bed much earlier than me (because his job requires him to wake up earlier) so it isn’t him who has to turn off all the lights by 8PM and eat dinner in the dark/tip toe around the apartment all evening…nope that is me not him. He hardly owns any clothes and lives very minimalist – so it is not him who has no room for his things. I literally am a 30 year old woman who only has 3 drawers for clothes. I own 2 pairs of shoes. THERE IS NO ROOM….But he doesn’t care because it isn’t his stuff.

For a long time he acted very miserable about our living situation and us not being able to move was blamed on me for not having a licence, then I was blamed for not making enough money and so I fixed those things and it's still not enough... at this point I just don’t know what to do anymore.

 If I were to break up with him and go rent a 1 bedroom apartment on my own I still wouldn’t be able to have a dog (NO LANDLORDS allow pets around here) and I would likely be eating at a food bank because I wouldn’t have a combined income anymore. He has to live in the country, he wont live in an apartment it has to be a house but he doesn’t want to rent and also doesn’t want to buy so WTF. I feel like I am wasting away here and I am so frustrated but I also do get where he is coming from too. If I was allowed to have a dog here I probably wouldn't even care (I talked to my landlord and he said absolutely NOT). 

TLDR - Boyfriend makes excuses and blames me for not being able to move after we have spent 7 years in a TINY studio apartment. I am miserable here and want a bigger place but he doesn't seem to be interested in moving. I feel like I am wasting my life and I am frustrated but also know it would be no better if I left him and tried to live on my own. Really all I want is a dog but more and more I feel like dogs are only a luxury afforded to people who are rich enough to buy a house in this fucking insanely expensive country. I'm pissed."|ForestRoos|False|https://redd.it/eklkav|1|0.99|0|3|1|relationships
ekljvd|2020-01-06 00:12:02|How can I move on from someone who I considered family?|"
Basically, my best friend (18F) was a sister to me (18M). We’ve had our ups and downs, but I thought everything was riding well. A little backstory, she’s stopped talking to me multiple times, and always come back and apologized and made up. However, this time is different. 

We got into a fight three days ago, after I asked for time away from her. Despite the fact that she was the best friend I had ever had, I’m in a bad mental state and I just couldn’t bare the weight of shouldering some of hers as well. So I asked for time away from her. And she exploded on me, calling me every name under the book. 

I took the first step of confiding in two of my really close friends, and then blocking her on every social media platform, phone, and even taking down a collage of us (I moved away in June and she made it for me). 

I know it wasn’t my fault, but I feel bad. She was a very influential part of the last quarter of my life, and unfortunately probably helped a lot to confirm my insecurities and self-doubt. I never plan on speaking to her again, even if she tries to crawl back like she has done 4 times in the 4 years that we’ve known each other. 

My question is, how can I stop thinking of her? It isn’t all the time, but when I’m not busy or keeping my mind working, it always drifts to the good times we had and how nobody has ever been that close to me before. How the hell do I move on from her?


TLDR: Best friend decided to end our friendship very rudely (to say the least) and I want to move past it, but I keep getting stuck in the past. How can I get over this?"|DreMin015|False|https://redd.it/ekljvd|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
eklhca|2020-01-06 00:07:07|I (20 M) don't know what to do about the girl (19 F) I have been talking to|"Basically, a girl and I have been talking for about a month, and things always seemed to be going well. She has spent the night at my place a few times and me at hers as well, but this past week she stopped initiating contact and I felt like I was bothering her if I texted. A few weeks ago we expressed our feelings for each other but both of us said that we weren't necessarily ready for a relationship. After this past week of little contact, I felt like I should clarify some things between us as we will each be going back to our respective colleges this week (30 mins apart). She said that she always enjoyed hanging out and that she loved being around me and that she wants to continue hanging out, but can't do anything more than friends right now. She's unique to me and I would really still love to hang out with her but I feel like it will end in myself getting hurt. What's the play here?

TL;DR - a girl I am talking to wants to keep hanging out after saying she doesn't want a relationship, but I feel like I will end up getting hurt even if I am not ready for a relationship either"|antoniovalverde|False|https://redd.it/eklhca|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
ekifbf|2020-01-05 20:17:54|I [21] want to make things work with my boyfriend [21]|"We've been together for a year and I love him wholeheartedly, but things have been getting incredibly challenging with the lack of his trust regarding our relationship. Sometimes it gets frustrating when you're put in a position of feeling like you've done something wrong, when you haven't. We've had issues from him feeling some type of way when I touch my phone when we're together, asking what I was doing on it. To making a promise that I won't be friends with any guys until he's fully secure. We've talked about it extensively. We've talked about why he feels insecure and jealous, which he's said that it's his way of defense to protect his emotions and feelings from getting hurt. I've communicated with him how it makes me feel. Since whenever I want to do something with my life he always connects it back to his fear of me leaving him. For example, I've told him that I want to go to dance classes and the only thing he's said in regards to that is the fact that I'm putting myself in a place of meeting guys. All of this in turn make's me afraid to even interact with a guy thinking that I'm being disloyal to him, and it also makes me paranoid of how loyal he's being because of the high standards and criticism I'm being put under, regarding this topic.

I know, I'm sounding like I'm unhappy but this honestly the only flaw in our relationship. Every thing otherwise, fits perfectly with us. That's why I really want to make it work but I am not really sure how to without fully compromising my own emotions and needs.

TL;DR: boyfriend gets insecure and jealous because of fears that I will leave him for someone else, I want to make it work but don't know how to."|Throwaway636666|False|https://redd.it/ekifbf|2|0.75|0|2|1|relationships
ekldoc|2020-01-05 23:59:25|My Best Friend is Randomly Argumentative Sometimes|" 

So let me preface this by saying this is my closest friend of close to 7 years. We've lived together for 2 years and for the most part we get along well. He's been there for me a lot of times during very rough points in my life and is often very supportive when I've needed him.

However, there are times where he sometimes does things that make me really uncomfortable and upset. Like when he suddenly becomes very argumentative over something random.

For example, today he came home and we were talking about each other's day. Just as what I thought was an interesting conversation point, I mentioned that I had been watching youtube videos about micro apartments.

So, I showed him on girl who was living in a tiny room in korea with no window. And I said that looked like it was really inhumane and the fact that people had to live like that made me sad. Then he proceded to stand up and say ""Well the way you described the size of the apartment was totally off. It's like this big"" then he gestured the size which was only slighty bigger than what I'd orginally said.

Then I was like... okay sorry I guess I'm bad at guessing sizes but the point is its really small. And then he kept harping on the size, saying ""well it's not much smaller than you room"". To which I replied yes, but I also have access to a bathroom, a kitchen, closets and I have windows. And he said, ""well yeah I'm not saying you guys are in the same situation""

And then he was like ""well there's people who live in worse conditions"". To which I replied, ""yes, which is also bad, but just because there are worse situtations doesnt mean this situation is okay."" And then he said really condescendingly, ""Well, I'm sure if you watched some of the worst living situations this wouldnt look so bad.""

And then I kind of just stood there thinking, wtf is going on and why is this an argument, I was just showing you something random on the internet that I thought was interesting. And I was like, ""well anyway, that's what I spent today doing"" and he kind of just said ""mmhhmm"" with this like kind of condescending look. As if I was stupid for even bringing this up.

Then 5 minutes later he's talking to me normally again and being jovial. I know he's not angry with me, and he doesn't have any relation to ""tiny living"" spaces that would make this personally triggering to him. In fact we used to like watching ""Hoarders"" together.

He randomly gets like this sometimes. Really arrogant and argumentative about stupid things that make me feel really belittled and gaslighted. And because he's my friend and we live together, I'm not usually looking to double down and get in a big confrontation over something so stupid, but it really pisses me off. Like I was in a really good mood today until he did that, and now I'm angry.

Advice/ thoughts?

TL;DR My friend sometimes becomes really arrogant and argumentative over small things I say in normal conversation. It makes me feel really belittled and angry and I'm not sure what to do about it."|afalkens|False|https://redd.it/ekldoc|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ekl7bz|2020-01-05 23:46:40|[F19] Girl [M19] I have been seeing still wants more time before becoming official|"So I have been seeing a girl for about a month and a half.  We have been hanging out like 4-5 times a week for about 2 weeks.  A few days ago I asked her about exclusivity and she said yes (but she obviously seemed a little freaked out when she said it looking back on it).  Today however, randomly when we were sitting in the car she tells me that she can’t be in a committed relationship.  She did get out of a 2 year relationship like 2 months ago, and before that relationship was a 1 year relationship.  

She said she still wants to keep seeing me, but that she couldn’t currently carry the weight of being a girlfriend at this moment.  Her reason was that her friendships have suffered because of her ex’es and she wants to gain back her friends (I know this is true, her last ex was borderline abusive and she lost basically all her friends).  I asked how long that would take, she said she really didn’t know, maybe a month or two.

I told her that I would continue to see her if we were exclusive but not carrying the baggage of being bf/gf.  Now that I think about it idk the difference between the two.  She said yes, and that she absolutely isn’t interested in seeing any other guys. 

I have been burned by this exact situation before (girl says she needs time away, actually found someone else) so I really can’t afford that hurt right now.  However, she assured me that she had no other interests in guys, and she just needed time with her girl friends.  What do you guys think

Tl;dr:  girl wants more time before becoming official"|otherstuffdsdc|False|https://redd.it/ekl7bz|1|0.67|0|11|1|relationships
ekl60z|2020-01-05 23:44:03|I think my dad [58m] has depression. What can I [25m] do to help|"I'm living at home at 25... this isn't too unusual in England.

Anyway I live at home and I care about self improvement/personal development/self growth etc. I like to surround myself around positive people and cut out toxic people from my life.

Obviously I care for my family a lot but I simply don't enjoy being around my dad. I love him and he loves me and I often spend time with him out of respect/to be a good son but I find him so negative. I've never said anything about it to him and this is all internal (i've done nothing to say or suggest it).

Anyway, he simply moans about everything and brings the mood down whoever he is with. He's either stressed, arguing or complaining about something. There's never any positivity or optimism which has an effect on me and makes my mood change to how he is feeling (despite usually me being a positive person).

What also worries me though is that he doesn't seem to do anything. He works for a large company but his work allows him to work from home Monday to Friday (we have a small office room in our house). He only rarely goes into the office he works at.... maybe twice a month. He doesn't know any of the people he works with and frankly doesn't care for them or the company. The work is beneath him and he's simply working for the money rather than having any passion or fulffilment out of what he does.

Outside of work he never sees any friends. He sits in front of a computer aimlessly browsing the internet, then spends the rest of his time scrolling through Twitter on his phone. I get the feeling he is lonely and sad. Each day seems the same from him. It seems he's living just to exist and each day is the same monotanous pattern. His life is dull and boring and his personality is reflecting this unalluring life.

The worrying thing is... he doesn't seem bothered. Most people would want to find something to keep them occupied, something to challenge them, a hobbie to keep them busy, some likeminded friends you can have deep/personal conversations with. But he isn't interested in this. There's nothing he seems to be interested in which in turn doesn't make him an interesting character.

Please could I have some advice?

tl;dr : My dad is living a repetitive life with no excitement. He's uninterested in everything & moaning about everything. It's having a knock-on effect on my mood when around him."|Ilikegammon|False|https://redd.it/ekl60z|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekl45r|2020-01-05 23:40:19|Should I breakup now with a girl that is going through rough times?|" We started dating and we have 1 month, and I honestly feel that I am not   the man she is looking for, and that our relationship wont work long   term. But I dont know if I should tell her about his right now since she   is going through some family issues. A lot of bad things has happened to her as well these couple of years and are probably still affecting   her and I do not want to burden her more by telling her this. 

 

    **TL;DR;** : I dont feel that our relationship will workout longterm. She is going through hard times and I dont want to burden her more by breaking up with her now."|Dczdcz|False|https://redd.it/ekl45r|0|0.5|0|1|1|relationships
eki31s|2020-01-05 19:54:30|Should I [23F] be reconsidering my relationship with him [26M] because of his mother [47F]? How much do in laws matter in a relationship?|"Bf and I have been together 4 years. I absolutely love and adore him and we want to spend our lives together. 

However, I just can't stand his mother. His parents aren't all that great. His parents are gambling addicts. His dad works a minimum wage retail job and his mother has had various issues throughout her life so she hasn't worked in over 10 years (maybe longer) and lives off her benefit money. This has been ongoing throughout bf's childhood so at some points he even struggled with food as his parents would gamble money away. They were poor. 

My bf is an engineer and does quite well at his job, however, his struggling parents will constantly ask him for money and how they can't afford things and when he gives them money, they'd waste it on material items and still have to struggle for food. This annoys bf and he is no longer as generous as before with his family. His mother also spends the little money she has going out with her friends and bf will have to purchase school equipment for his younger brother. 

His mother puts on a façade to bf that she and I are super close when really I think this is all for show for bf and her facebook friends and followers. She constantly shares personal info to her family and friends about me and my family which I have expressed I am not comfortable with yet she continues to do so. She also posts pictures of me online that I am not comfortable with. I am not ok with this. I have told bf and he agrees this is out of line and recently had a word with his mother. I know she talks about me behind my back which is why I don't want to share any information with her.

Furthermore, she will constantly try to butt into our lives. Spamming me with questions constantly over and over until I respond and bothering my mother with the same questions over and over. Bf lives with my parents and I, who have been very helpful to us by helping us save a lot of money. She will ask bf ""do you like me more or (OP's mother)?"" and ""remember this is your home, not there"" and ""is my cooking better than (OP's mother)?"" This sort of thing gets me angry because she won't let her own son live with her rent free so when my parents let us live together in their house, she's all spiteful? Come on. 

She will ask me questions like ""do you prefer me more or your mother?"" She goes on about how she's excited for when bf and I settle down and have kids so she can be THAT MIL that is around the kid 24/7 but honestly, I think his family is incredibly selfish. I'm not saying my family is perfect, we have our own flaws but I just can't stand this constant selfish behaviour. Also, not to criticise her parenting but although bf is a COMPLETELY different person now who is kind, generous and caring, he wasn't always like this. I feel like throughout the entirety of our relationship, he has had to learn basic manners and respect that he lacked growing up. 

Tldr; how much does getting along with MIL matter in a relationship? Are you comfortable with your child with MIL? Not okay with the way bf's mother behaves and wondering if this is a deal breaker."|user8263|False|https://redd.it/eki31s|2|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekl41t|2020-01-05 23:40:08|I(M18) don’t know what to do about this girl(F18)|"I (M18) don’t know how to deal with this girl (F18)

We are both at different colleges but went to high school together and keep in touch. We’ve always liked each other since 9th grade and were very close but I was highly socially awkward and could never make a decent enough move to lock her down and we drifted apart. One day now a freshman in college now more social and whatnot I reach out to her and hit it off. She says she still likes me but doesn’t want a relationship as “she’s just chilling”. I understand this as we are far from each other and long distance we both know wouldn’t work. But she’s changed.

Well not changed because I found out she’s always been like this. She never wanted to be in a relationship with me even in highschool making my social awkwardness seem justified. However now I feel like she’s leading me on. She barely wants (not can’t) to talk to me but loves our connection and conversations and can’t stand not having some way to keep in touch with me. She’s always sending provocative and very sexual pictures no middle ground and likes it when I talk (I’m not sure how to explain it) but rude to her. She doesn’t like affection. She’s not interested in my attempts to match her actions (sending pictures back) because she’s gorgeous and don’t want to seem unfair to her but she rejects them. She didn’t say she didn’t want them but that she didn’t care either way and didn’t have to match her sending nudes to me. 

Basically she brushes off any advancement or signs of love and intimacy  or just the basic social interaction like texting and calling her even when she’s blowing up my phone with videos and pictures of herself mostly naked. She says that no one understands or pay attention to small details about her or talks and cares about her like I do which I want to. That she likes the ideas of dates and the type of attention I would give her if she was with me and for New Years loved my idea of me wanting to bag and lock when I couldnt in high school. I want to open up to her and her to me but she doesn’t want to. 

I have no clue what to do

tl;dr: Girl I’ve known forever loves sending me nudes and getting attention but doesn’t like me giving her attention"|Chrisjr2001|False|https://redd.it/ekl41t|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekl27v|2020-01-05 23:36:18|Me (27M) suffering from anxiety when I don't hear from girl I'm dating (27F)|"I personally haven't dated for a few years. However, I decided to start giving it a try, since I had now found myself in a stable position. We have been talking for almost 3 months, texting daily and going on dates every week or so. We have been on 6-7 dates. She pays for half of them, and makes time when we do, which is good since she is a single mom with a young kid.

However, recently I haven't been hearing as much from her. The texts that used to be every 30 minutes now take a few hours. We don't snapchat at all anymore. We never talked on the phone. Which is fine, people get busy. But I have been suffering from high anxiety when I don't hear from her. No matter what the rational thought is, my mind thinks she is losing interest in me, even though she just set up a date for a week from now. 

&#x200B;

The question is, am I overreacting? Or because I'm hearing from her less, should I start preparing myself for her to break it off?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TLDR; been seeing a girl, we don't text as much as we used to, starting to get anxious that maybe she doesn't like me anymore"|Throwaway3587465462|False|https://redd.it/ekl27v|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ek5zcq|2020-01-05 01:34:31|Desperately seeking advice; I (30M), genuinely feel like nobody likes me... (working on it)|"I've always considered myself as a nice person, but always kind of an oddball. I never did things the conventional was always known for speaking my mind, even at times others would consider inappropriate. I've always considered these as good qualities as they made me kind of quirky, which I liked about myself. 

In the past 5 to 10 years that has definitely changed for me. In short; I've bumped heads with so many people by now that it had me questioning my own sanity. As I grow older I feel like it's becoming more and more difficult for me to actually connect with people and I'm starting to feel more and more isolated. That has left me with a huge dent in my self esteem and I feel like that in turn is pushing people away from me. I'm constantly overthinking every situation and it has left me incredibly paranoid, snippy and easily defensive and overall feeling very lonely and constantly misunderstood.

The truth is that I love having people around me, but for whatever I just don't feel comfortable around others anymore. I always feel like the weirdo, or am at least heavily convinced that's the way other people say me. Which in turn makes me angry and bitter. Deep down I don't feel I'm a weirdo, I just feel misunderstood.

At the moment there are VERY few people that do seem to fully understand me as a person and with whom I feel comfortable. And my partner of almost 7 years isn't even one of them at the moment. Which worries me..

I'm currently trying schema therapy. Though I'm not yet sure if it's going anywhere. We mostly talk about certain situations I've been in, how I acted in them and try to figure out why I acted the way I did and how others might have interpreted it. Turns out I apparently put up this angry and faux self assured front, just so others can't see how little I really feel. As soon as people point out even the slightest flaw in me, I get defensive because deep down I think very little of myself. We keep coming back to this, session after session. Which is great and all but I'm not yet sure how to turn that knowledge into something good. It's not like I can tell everyone how I truly feel about myself deep down all the time and expect everyone to see right through me and take it into consideration whenever I display defensive or negative behavior or whatever.

Maybe I sound like a selfish ahole here. But I genuinely don't know what to do with this. I just want people to like me again and be comfortable with being me again. But the more I want that, the more pressure I put on myself and the weirder my behavior gets which eventually will push people away. Sometimes I'm so done with feeling like an outsider again, I just want to crawl under a rock and never come out again. But so far I keep trying to hang out with people, no matter the negative feelings I usually get in the end. 

It's a long story, I know. And I'm not here for up votes at all. I'm just desperaly looking for advice from someone who has either dealt with this personally or just someone who doesn't look at this from psychologist's perspective.

Tl;dr: I'm having trouble connecting with people more and more and it's making me question my sanity. Am currently trying schema therapy where I've learned I put up a front opposite of how I really feel which puts people off. Problem is I don't know how to find the right way to do things differently."|jacoma89|False|https://redd.it/ek5zcq|54|0.87|0|87|1|relationships
ekkz17|2020-01-05 23:29:52|(24f)Girl doesn’t seem to want to set up dates but still texts me (26m)|"I’ve been dating a girl for about 3 weeks now, we’ve stayed at each other’s places and went out on a couple of dates.

After Christmas she became a bit cold, shorter responses, no definite interest in making plans, reading and responding to messages hours later. I seen her last week and she invited me out for NY but I couldn’t due to being with my family at the other side of the country, but since then I’ve invited her over and she’s declined and even tried to make a date for yesterday and she declined saying she was helping a friend out with something, when I asked her to let me know if she wanted to reschedule she didn’t really respond until a day later but was a “hope you had a good night!” And then proceeded to tell me how her night with her friend went.

Im of the belief that 1. If you want to meet someone bad enough you’ll make time for them and 2. Texting is for one thing and one thing only, setting up dates, meeting in person is the only way to properly “date” someone. 

I’ve kind of backed off a bit now, not responding as fast, lowered the amount I text and just not really investing as much of my energy that I was.

I do like this girl and in person I feel there is a spark, but I am in no way ok being a texting buddy, if it’s not dating, I’m just not interested.

The thing is, even though she declined the date and didn’t offer a reschedule, she is still texting me, how should I proceed from here on in?

TL:DR

Girl doesn’t seem to want to set up dates and has turned flakey but still messages me."|ifallapartt|False|https://redd.it/ekkz17|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekkwnm|2020-01-05 23:25:05|Scared to leave bf of 2 yrs|"I’m scared to leave my bf

I’m a 26F and my partner is 28M. We were fuck buddies for a couple of years and started to seriously date the last two years or so.  Moved in  together fairly quickly. 
He was an addict and with the support from me and his parents he’s gotten sober and has stayed sober. 

Anyways, I work 2 jobs racking up about 70 hrs a week plus full time school. Finishing this may and applying to my grad program. He works maybe 35 ish but isn’t in school. Doesn’t help clean, doesn’t help cook. Kinda expects me to do everything. even when I told him I need him to be more hands on. Also, our sex life doesn’t exist. I have an issue where I spoil the people I’m in relationships with and he can’t even put effort Xmas, anniversary or bdays. 

The other day after busting out a 11 hr shift, I had to go home clean and make dinner. He just sat there and gamed with his friends. 1 AM rolls around and I ask him to turn off his game bc I have work tomorrow, he gets mad. 

Then I put my feelings on the table telling him I just want to spend more time together and it upsets me that he doesn’t help out as much as he could. Next thing I know it turns into him saying that I’m suffocating him and that I micromanage him. Why can’t I let him game with his friends. I don’t micromanage. I’m actually really laid back. I simply just told him I was upset and that I’d like for us to spend more time together. 

He then says it’s my fault I work a lot. I have to. I pay for everything on my own and including dates and stuff we go on. I can’t afford to not work two jobs. 

I pretty much cried myself to sleep then went to work this morning. He acted like nothing happened.

I’m in the process of looking for my own place to move out but I’m terrified of the retributions. When I’ve told him I wanted to leave in the past before he’s held his sobriety and life over my head. Once I find a housing situation, I think I’ll be good to go. 

A part of me wants to ghost him and just leave, another part of me wants to sit down and tell him why I’m leaving so we both get closure. However, I’m terrified that he’s going to talk me into staying. 

Any advice?

tl;dr - Boyfriend makes me feel like I am not enough. Currently looking for a place to move out to but am scared of the emotional/mental manipulation and I won’t be able to leave."|throwaway8331640|False|https://redd.it/ekkwnm|2|0.5|0|10|1|relationships
ekkujv|2020-01-05 23:20:47|How do I [24m] stop being such a prude?|"tl;dr: How do I stop caring and start supporting my gf when she changes her physical appearance?

Hi all,

My gf \[24f\] and I \[24m\] have been together for 6 decent years. One of the biggest recurring issues: Appearance and my prudishness.

She really enjoys piercings, hair dye and bleach, tattoos, etc. I abhor them and because of that, while she's gotten some piercings and dyed her hair a bit, she hasn't done so nearly to the degree she wants. Obviously I appreciate that and let her know, but I know it bothers her and I don't want keep being proverbial stick in the mud.

How do I overcome my prudishness that causes me to absolutely detest any change to natural appearance (which, for what it's worth - I'm guessing not much - extends beyond personal appearance and truly to any alteration to natural beauty, whether in people, places, or things)?

How can I overcome the anxiety this so foolishly causes in me and better support her?

Thanks!"|scoducks31|False|https://redd.it/ekkujv|0|0.33|0|18|1|relationships
ekkttr|2020-01-05 23:19:19|I (16) feel like I’m being treated like a toddler|"I moved in with my dad a while back due to an unhealthy relationship with my mum, and me and my dad have gotten along a lot better and he said that living with him would mean less rules and I’d have more freedom. But I feel like I’m being treated like a toddler, he makes me put my bloody phone outside my room every night like a child and makes me turn my light off at a certain point, and recently I’ve noticed he has so many inconsistencies, every time he makes a dumb “rule” he talks about being fair and everything has to be the same as my siblings, but when it comes to me bringing up something about my brother he uses the autism card and gets an excuse, or that my step sister is older. 
I’m sick of having to follow all these unnecessary rules like, this bizarre one where I’m allowed to stay ya my bfs house (his mum won’t let me) but he’s not allowed to stay round mine??? Only because my step sister has that rule. It’s dumb and I’m so tired of feeling like a toddler and having so many stupid rules that have no explanation 

TL;DR- my dad has all these unnecessary rules for me and I feel like I’m being treated like a Toddler :/"|surprisingly-awkward|False|https://redd.it/ekkttr|1|1.0|0|9|1|relationships
ekksz5|2020-01-05 23:17:36|Did I nuke our entire relationship (me: 26, her: 31)|"Did I just nuke our entire relationship? (Me: 26, her: 31)

Dated the biggest crush of my for seven weeks last year, and when she ended it, it my broke my heart worse than anything imaginable. Especially because it ended messily, with an ugly final text exchange that led to us mutually cutting contact. Anyfuckingway. I spoke to this woman again for a few minutes when she called me out of the blue after 8-9 months of radio silence regarding our common social circle. It was a polite, friendly conversation, but at one point, alluding to my total disappearing act, she said:

her: “You deleted me on Facebook, that’s kinda mean. So much for you being my designated driver! Remember when you said...”

me: “I’m not going back to that now, and if I do go there, we’re never going to discuss anything that happened last year.” 

her: “nmmmkayyyy.” 

Did I just disown her and erase our entire relationship?

tl;dr: was I too drastic?"|thedonuts352|False|https://redd.it/ekksz5|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
eknrt8|2020-01-06 03:03:10|I (22m) cheated on my girlfriend(20f) and don't know what to do from here.|"So here's what happened. I recently moved to a new city for work. Went to a bar last night, between being drunk and some peer pressure one thing led to another and I I hooked up with a girl. First of, I know I'm an asshole and alcohol is not an excuse. I'm just looking for advice on where to go from here. I feel like shit. We have only been dating for three months but she is perfect in every way and I really don't want to end the relationship. I don't know what got into my head. Ive never cheated before and never imagined I would. I've already committed to not drinking indefinitely. This only happened last night but I feel extremely guilty. So do I tell her or just keep it hidden and hope the guilt subsides, or break up with her without her knowing I cheated? She is very sweet and i think there is a high possibility she would want to continue with the relationship even if I did tell her. 

&#x200B;

tl;dr: cheated on girlfriend and don't know how to go on with life."|greek1957|False|https://redd.it/eknrt8|0|0.33|0|6|1|relationships
ekkrxf|2020-01-05 23:15:36|I had a rare argument with my mother and I don't know what to do now.|"First off, while I've been lurking for a while I've never actually had an account before. Made it to make this post, so please have patience with me if it's messy.

I \[22F\] have a complicated relationship with my mother \[50F\]. She means the best for me, and she's always been open with that, and that she loves me and my brother \[26M\]. However, she has always had a very strong opinion on what this means we should do with our lives. My brother is a bit of a rebel and hasn't let this affect him overly much, but it has led to me developing an incredible fear of disapproval (specifically hers but also others) and an inability to trust my own decisions and judgement unless someone else agrees that it's right, up to and including making judgements about my own health, education and future in general. I'm doing better after moving away for uni, but it's still a very real issue for me. 

I do try to avoid conflicts with my mother, partly because she's had some bad luck in life and I don't want to make her feel worse, and partly because of the issues I mentioned above. No matter what, I always end up feeling horrible and very guilty afterwards. Tonight, we had an argument (about what isn't important, but it wasn't anything personal) that started with her saying something, me disagreeing, and then both of us escalating (but not to the point of shouting). It ended with me getting frustrated and telling her to stop putting words in my mouth, which she had done several times, after which she went quiet. After a few hours of the silent treatment she approached me to say that she didn't like me saying that and that we have to be able to have differing opinions. I tried to explain how I felt regarding the discussion and why I got upset. She said that I should be able to have a discussion without yelling (which I didn't do). I suggested some things we could do when the discussion turns sour like that, but she just said that she won't talk to me about important stuff anymore and left. 

I'm going back to uni tomorrow afternoon, but right now I can't stop crying and I don't know what to do to fix this. I want to be able to talk with my mother both about tonight but I don't have the faintest idea how. Does anyone out there have any ideas? I'm looking into seeing a therapist about my approval issues but haven't really gotten far. Has anyone else dealt with those kinds of issues, and in that case how do you deal with them? 

**TL;DR** I had a rare fight with my mother but she stonewalled me when I tried to talk through it, and because of issues regarding my ability to make judgement calls I'm stuck on how to resolve it (while my inability to handle my mother's disapproval is causing me a lot of anxiety). I'm wondering if anyone else knows how to deal with both the communication issues and the approval issues."|RooqieMistaqe|False|https://redd.it/ekkrxf|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekkqz1|2020-01-05 23:13:44|is it bad i fantasize about a coworker sometimes?|"heyo, i’m using a throw away account incase my bf knows my account: anyway, i’m (21f) and in a happy relationship with my boyfriend (21). he’s my best friend, and i his. we get along and love and respect is 100% mutual. we’ve been together for 4yrs.

however, i find myself sometimes fantasizing about a coworker. of course i do find them attractive but i would NEVER actually consider cheating nor do i pursue any type of flirting or anything like standing closer than usual to them, etc... and i am friends with said person, but its just that. like i said, yes he is an attractive dude but i wouldnt say i have anything like a “crush” on him. we just like a lot of the same animes and movies but other than that he’s not even someone i’d consider my “type” since he’s sort of a douche at times. i’m also completely committed to my relationship and definitely see myself marrying him and starting a family with him. i just feel bad... l would imagine that this is normal for people almost as the same level as porn ? but does it make me a bad girlfriend?  thanks!!

TD:LR: finding myself fantasizing about a coworker time to time, while i’m happily in a relationship. i would obviously never consider doing any cheating of any kind. does this make me a bad girlfriend? 

edit: just added a lil more detail about said person!"|trashqueenisspeaking|False|https://redd.it/ekkqz1|1|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ekkns5|2020-01-05 23:07:34|My (19m) fiancé’s family hates me (18f) to the point where they’ve told him its either me or them.|"My fiancé & I have been dating on/off for the last 3 years. We’ve been through a lot. A LOT. For awhile, he wasn’t the best to me... But his family always sided with him, always made me out to be the bad guy, etc. I’ve always ignored it because I had no reason to care. Even when we first started dating, his parents always made rude comments about me behind my back... When I was 16, his mom (In her late 30s) went around to other football/wrestling moms talking bad about me and even discussed my birth control without my permission or my knowledge. I eventually found out through another mom who asked her child who was a friend of mine what was going on. His dad (Early 40s) once got in my face when I was 16 and screamed at me to the point where he’s spit on my face after I told my fiancé about how his brother was telling other people he was hitting on his mom... Obviously the fought, brother said I lied, and his dad then proceeded to verbally attack me. By the time I turned 17, I refused to be around his parents. We broke up for a few months, and during that time my fiancé and I dated other people and so on. We always come back to each other. We mended our relationship. Had a come to Jesus meeting. Moved on. They found out (We were keeping it from them because I didn’t want to deal with the drama) and my fiancé got interrogated. His father, once again, in his 40s, proceeded to call me names ranging from a b*tch, to a slut/whore, told my fiancé he was ruining the “family name” by being with me, and then they (His mom and dad) had the AUDACITY to start asking my fiancé about our sex life, basically asking whether we had slept together and then told him that I better not show up to their door with a baby... It was ridiculous. My fiancé then mentioned how we planned on eloping and asked if they’d come. They told him that they wouldn’t attend and that he was choosing me over them which was unacceptable. They said if he wanted to be with me then he was no longer to come visit them, come to the house to see his brothers, not to come to any holidays, etc. My heart is broken for him. He shouldn’t have to choose. I just don’t know what to do. I need advice. 

TL:DR, My fiancé’s family hates me to the point where they told him that it’s either them or me."|throwawaywhoops4|False|https://redd.it/ekkns5|1|0.6|0|3|1|relationships
ekhkzl|2020-01-05 19:19:40|I [29F] genuinely feel uncomfortable about meeting and spending time with my boyfriend's[28M] friends [late 20s].|"Let me preface this by saying that none of this comes from a place of jealousy. My absolute best friend is a male, and I know that friendships between opposite sex can be strictly platonic. 

My issue is that my boyfriend [28M] ""Gary"" has a load of people he calls ""friends"". I [29F] have very few friends, and if asked, I'd probably say I have 2. This is due to differences in how we see friends. I talk to my best friends a lot, and don't live near them anymore so I don't see them often. My best friend I haven't seen since 2017 because both of us graduated grad school and moved to different parts of the USA, but we're still just as close if not closer. But my friends are people who I know well and talk to frequently enough so they know what's going on in my life and I know the same for theirs. They interact with Gary when possible on social media and in person. 

Gary's friends are a different story. He has groups of friends he doesn't talk to often enough to know that he's been in a serious relationship with me (and we've lived together since July). I've met a few groups of them and it usually ends in them playing catch up for the last 6+ months of their life while I stand their quietly because I have nothing to contribute to conversation (plus, I'm a little socially awkward and anxious). Very little of being with them is them getting to know me. It's very clear that they are HIS friends. As a result, if they have a party, I dread going and am open about it. He gets upset, and I understand where he's coming from but it's like there is some disconnect with him being empathic to how I feel. I've told him this, and he says it's due to seeing them enough/talking to them enough to let them know he's in a serious relationship with me because in the past, it was never like that and they knew it so they didn't really interact with his exes much. I told him this is an issue HE has to fix with HIS friends, because it's really unfair to expect me to want to be around people who aren't welcoming when all of my people have been welcoming to him.

Most recently, his best friend [29F] since middle school or earlier was in town from across the country. He wanted me to meet her, and I refused. He doesn't talk to her much, so he considers her his best friend because of the length of their relationship. It's important to note here that a big factor in my not wanting to meet her happened when she was in town during the summer. My grandfather had just passed away around Labor day, and she invited him to a family cook out. He ended up going to the funeral with me, and while we were gone, she took it upon herself to come to our house, saw my car in the driveway, and wrote ""we miss you [boyfriends nickname] <3!!""  on my car. To me, this was a distasteful and disrespectful thing to do to someone who was mourning the loss of a grandparent.

Anyway, Gary and I talked about all of this, his take was that me being around these people will show that he's serious about me and they will start to accept me. I told him that since these groups of friends are centric around him because he isn't close enough to let them know I am a big and serious part of his life that he needs to fix that first. I am not going to spend my time with groups of people that aren't very welcoming to the idea of me because the lack of communication on his end. He agreed to this and hasn't said anything since.

Gary is super super nice and goes with the flow. He never starts arguments and will do anything to keep me happy. Because of this, I'm worried that I am being unfair to him. Am I being stubborn and unreasonable? 

TLDR: boyfriend [28M] wants me [29F] to attend and meet his friends that he doesn't talk to very much and isn't close enough to know that we're in a serious relationship and I am not sure if my refusal to meet them is me being unfair to him?"|moon_as_mywitness|False|https://redd.it/ekhkzl|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ekhj9j|2020-01-05 19:16:15|Advice for a somebody[24F] who mistreated their partner[26M]|"Hello.

So the story is as follows

I [24F] have an amazing relationship [26M] for 3.5 years. I am struggling with depression among other things. The road was by no means easy but we had each other. He treated me with a lot of respect and he was there with me in all my hardships. 

During the last half year,(before that he was enlisted in army for a year) I realized i have become more easily angered, shouting at him for even trivial things. 2 months ago I confronted him about this blaming how boring our relationship has become and that maybe we should try doing different things.He proposed going for golf or tennis but every time I found an excuse not to go. 

Upon further thinking and trying to understand why i have done it as well as find a solution for our relationship over the course of last 2 weeks, yesterday I realized that I also verbally abused him. I am at loss. I have become all the things I swore i will never be.

We talked today and he proposed we spent some time apart and see that if that work for us then we will break up. I propose we break up immediately because part of me is disgust with how i treated him. He deserves so much more. Also I am the problem as a whole. Not only my relationship to him.

But i am also thinking that if its only because of my mental illnesses maybe it is fixable (I have also stared seeing professional help on the matter  during this half year)

I have started to believe(and by no means i am dumping the responsibility to something else) that it is not my mental illnesses the problem but how bad of a person I am.

I am not sure what i am trying to achieve by writing it here, i am just truly lost.

TL;DR last half a year i verbally abused the most important person in my life and i am not sure how i am supposed to proceed"|Redeploy|False|https://redd.it/ekhj9j|2|0.75|0|3|1|relationships
ekkf3e|2020-01-05 22:50:44|Relationship help|"Relationship help

I (23m) and my girlfriend(19f) met in college and have been dating for about 6 months. Overtime I’ve realized that we just aren’t the right people for each other. She is an amazingly sweet and nice person and I love her but she puts 150% into our relationship. Which is perfect. The only problem is that I don’t and I won’t. I’m a bit of an introvert, and I’m not big into social things. My girlfriend is big into social interaction. She’s always spending time with someone, and can’t spend time alone. Which again, is not negative. We are just such different people that to continue to date her is unfair to her. She needs someone else just like I need someone else who’s more laid back like me. 
She’s figured it out and we are going to talk about it in a few hours.
She’s been texting me that she can’t do this without me and that’s she’s begging me and she needs more now more than ever. And it sucks. What do I do? To stay with her is the wrong thing to do. I know that with utter certainty. But... it’s unfair of her to ask me to stay in a relationship when I’m not interested anymore.

TL;DR: Decided that breaking up is the right thing to do for both of us but my Girlfriend is almost, not malicious, attempting to guilt me into staying with her."|Nightruin|False|https://redd.it/ekkf3e|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekkdz3|2020-01-05 22:48:36|Am I looking too much into this Dream?|"So I’m(16M) a freshman and so is she(14F). I had to become a freshman due to poor homeschooling. Backstory aside, I’ve had this dream like... days ago about this girl. We were talking on the couch, flirting, and getting along, and the way she spoke made so much sense to how she was acting in real life. For an explanation: She always used to playfully insult me, show me her things, tell me what she was doing, etc. But she had her own friend group so we didn’t talk that much. We still don’t. I even brought her 2 pounds of gummy bears and she ate it all. Back to the dream though, I was going to put on a movie in the dream, but then suddenly — I awoke! I remember feeling super sad about it. When I woke up. I feel like it pretty much confirmed that I liked this girl, and I was suppressing it all along. This makes me scared because, I’ve always been used to rejecting people (had to reject 2 girls so far), and not liking anyone. Now I actually like this girl, and I’m scared on what to do. Not only that, but I’m asking myself: is this really worth it? I say this because, my friend thinks it’s a bad idea if I tell her. I guess this makes sense, because what if she tells her friends? I could tell her after freshman semi or the end of summer. I’m not sure. Then again, what if I’m looking too much into this dream? What should I do? 

Any advice is greatly appreciated!


TL;DR: had a dream about a girl, and feel like I might be looking too much into it"|throwaway207812|False|https://redd.it/ekkdz3|1|0.67|0|2|1|relationships
ek2bnh|2020-01-04 20:54:29|Am I [21F] Being Overly Sensitive About My Boyfriend’s [22M] Reaction To My Cooking|"We live together and have been living together for a year now and he hattttesss cooking. I love to cook, especially when it’s for others/my partner. My boyfriend is very, very picky-meaning I have a very limited amount of recipes I can cook. He makes it very clear that he hates home cooked meals and loves to eat out, so I know that I can’t compete with restaurants (which I’m already aware of). We decided to eat more at home after he gained 40 pounds and we went out and bought a ton of groceries. Every single time I cook for him he has a criticism. I don’t think there was ever a time where he just said it’s good. It’s always super nit picky stuff like oh it needed a little less lemon, it needed an extra 20 sec in the oven, it’s perfect but the chicken is a tiny bit dry. And when the chicken is perfectly tender he’s scared it’s undercooked. I know he’s trying to help and I know my cooking isn’t perfect but it’s healthy and edible, so I’m happy with it.  I’ve talked to him about maybe cooling off on the criticism but he tells me it’s just how he and his family communicate and that he’s trying to improve it so we can make it perfect. 
Another thing is that when I ask if he wants to cook *blank* today or something it’s always “I’m okay with that” and a shrug-no enthusiasm or happiness in his voice. It makes me not want to cook anything for him because I feel like he’s being forced to eat this nasty food when all he really wants is Sushi or something. 
I don’t know I usually love to cook in relationships but I’m feeling very discouraged. It’s not like a deal breaker or anything but I hate that when I tell him how it makes me feel he just explains why he says it that way. It’s never like “I’ll try to be less depressed about it” or anything. 

Tl;dr: Am I being too sensitive about my boyfriends reaction to my food or are my feelings appropriate? Should I just ignore this or talk to him again?"|serenity_wow|False|https://redd.it/ek2bnh|119|0.95|0|73|1|relationships
eke2pm|2020-01-05 15:05:31|Me [28f] wants to ditch all my friends and make new ones.|"I feel like I’m getting to the age where I want to stop doing drugs with my friends. [all my age]

They all love it obviously not every week but every time we all seem to all meet up they want to get fucked up. 

Individually we will do normal things like shopping, movie nights etc. But I feel I’ve come to a halt in doing drugs. I don’t feel it’s good for my mental health but I know that every time I party with them they want to do it. 

I have changed a few things in my life to grow including getting a better job, going to the gym, eating better and I’m planning on travelling this year. 

I have spoken to my friends before about stopping taking drugs all together and most of them were shocked. 

I know I could just party with them and not do drugs but the parties we go to are in the middle of no where and last around 10 hours. Which makes it kinda impossible not to do drugs to keep going. I have a fear of missing out and still want to have fun with them. So I need some advice. Do I ditch my friends and make new ones? Or just not go to parties with them anymore? 

Tldr: all my friends take drugs including me but I want to quit, which means I can’t party with them anymore."|sharksarespiders|False|https://redd.it/eke2pm|5|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekk6qb|2020-01-05 22:34:37|My girlfriend (24F) and I (21M) have just broken up. 99% of the time we shared the most amazing, loving relationship, but in times where we fought, we really really clashed emotionally. I feel like I've lost my best friend, and just want to know why we couldn't work it out.|"We were together for about 8 months before we broke up the other day. The last 8 months have been some of the best of my life, I felt (and still feel) so truly in love, and I know she feels the same. Like every relationship though, every now and again an issue would crop up, often something quite small at first, but instead of us being able to deal with it easily, it would almost always blow up into a highly emotional fight that would leave both of us hurt by the other.

Most of our fights followed a similar pattern. They would usually start with me bringing up how I felt because of something she'd done, usually something that wasn't a huge deal in my mind, but enough for me to feel like I should mention it. When I'd bring it up, she would feel like I was attacking her, and thus become defensive, and it felt like she would often turn the situation on me, that I shouldn't have felt how I did or it was unfair for me to be upset with her. In talking about that fight in retrospect, we'd often then have another fight soon after that would be about how we acted in said fight and how things each other did/said had hurt the other one. Eventually we would resolve things and we'd both genuinely apologise to each other for things we'd said and how we'd made the other feel, and we would be able to make up really well and things would go back to normal.

We had one of these fights on NYE, but this became the fight that made us break up. I was spending the night with her and her parents at their house, and her parents also had some of their friends over. I'm usually quite a confident person in most social situations, however in this one I felt a little bit more self-conscious than usual just because I was around new people, especially older adults who I'm not used to interacting with. Over the night this was made a little worse when I felt like my girlfriend would tease me or make fun of things I would say when I was talking to the group. So later on when we had a chance to speak one on one, I talked to her about it and she responded by saying, ""I'm sorry you're feeling like that, I haven't tried to do that."" When she said this I didn't feel much better, and I said so. She then tried to say sorry again, but I still felt at the time like she was being defensive and that she was becoming irritated at me for having felt that way. Should I have just focused on the fact that she was trying to apologise and that could've been that?

I couldn't help but feel like I wasn't being validated or understood. I think all I wanted out of the situation was for her to say that she could easily support me more. We discussed it more and I remember her saying at one point, ""I wish you were more talkative,"" which pretty much confirmed to me that she thought it was my problem. Was I just being too sensitive? Should I have not been bothered in the first place because it was my girlfriend whom I love probably just poking fun?

The next morning, we tried to discuss what happened, only to start fighting again. When I tried to recount my version of the events she became cold and said I was exaggerating things such as how she reacted, and even when I tried to stress to her that what I was saying was genuinely how I felt on the night, she said she didn't believe me and that I was twisting things to make her seem worse, especially because she felt I'd exaggerated in fights before deliberately. At this point I was quite emotional, I felt horrible that she didn't trust me and really confused that she'd say something like that. I felt like she was being extremely defensive, but I know that that's how she felt, and I felt terrible that I'd made her feel that way through unintentionally exaggerating in the past.

I fully admit that when talking about our fights throughout our relationship I certainly would have unconsciously slightly exaggerated certain things when frustrated and emotional, but I never did so deliberately. I feel terrible that I've done it at any point, and it's something I want to remove from future arguments if I can. I feel like we both would exaggerate unintentionally in fights though, and I've certainly experienced people doing the same throughout my life. I guess I'm just being defensive now.

I think this fight is a pretty good example of most of the fights we had. I'm worried that I was too quick to be affected by things she did, that me bringing up even small things over time would make her feel like she was always doing things wrong, when in my mind I never thought of it that way. To me it would always be me communicating with her about something I felt like I needed that would help me feel good/supported, is this too needy?

I know most of this post has focused on how wrong things went when we fought, but I cannot emphasise enough how absolutely incredible we were most of the time, and how much I genuinely love her. We were so openly affectionate, had so much fun together, I admire her so much and I know she thinks the same of me, and it just felt so right when we were together. 

I want to know why our relationship could be so ridiculously polar, why we just couldn't understand each other in fights and what I could have done better. Even though I know how bad our fights were, a lot of me wants her back for the incredible 99% if we could ever somehow fix the way we fought, but have no idea how I'd go about it or how we'd change our fighting habits.

tldr; If I ever brought up with my girlfriend that I was a little upset because of something she'd done, it would turn into a highly emotional fight where we would both feel hurt and misunderstood. Our relationship was amazing most of the time, and I want to know why this couldn't translate to when we needed to communicate in fights."|Enclarven|False|https://redd.it/ekk6qb|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ekk0lk|2020-01-05 22:22:52|I snapped at my girlfriend for the first time ever (20M) (21F) is this normal?|"So I was making breakfast this morning, and I bent down to grab a pan and hit my head super hard on the countertop coming up, and my girlfriend laughed at me.

It really hurt, so I kind of snapped and said “Shut the f up” and kept cooking breakfast.


She freaked out because it’s the first time I’ve ever raised my voice at her. We’ve been dating for about a year.

She’s raised her voice at me several times, but she told me since I’m much bigger than her/much more intimidating, it scared her and she even thought I was gonna put my hands on her (which I never have and never considered) 

Well, is this normal? 


TL;DR I snapped at my gf"|OKAY____BOOMER|False|https://redd.it/ekk0lk|0|0.44|0|5|1|relationships
ekjt0x|2020-01-05 22:07:50|Girlfriend (18) me (18) she told me that she will marry a guy and then marry me next.|"Her family was telling her that they would give her an arrange marriage with some guys she didnt know. She is a people pleaser and obviously said yes to it.

Sone time pasts by and she texted me one day tell me how she was wrong about what she did and asked me if I would be able to take her back after she gets married to the guy. I dont really know what to say to her because I still love her but she hurt me so much.

TL;DR girlfriend is a people pleaser and is going to marry another guy but asked me to come back to her."|Jadamien2|False|https://redd.it/ekjt0x|1|0.99|0|9|1|relationships
ekgrhy|2020-01-05 18:21:53|My girlfriend [31F] always thinks I'm always lying to her [31M]|"My girlfriend and I  have been friends for years but recently reconnected as we live in different states- we have been dating officially now about 3 months but hanging out for the last 6 (Long distance) and now discussing me moving to be with her in the next few months. Recently she went through my phone and caught me lying about lending money to a friend - she asked me point blank knowing the answer and I lied directly to her face... why did I  lie? Probably because I  was scared of her reaction and because I didn't think it mattered too much; but honesty is a huge issue for her and now she does not believe anything I say now or have said previously. 

I really love her and want to fix this but it seems whenever I  say anything she assumes I am lying and she already has the answer decided in her head so when I answer the question with something that is not what she thought my answer would be, it means I’m lying. I  am scared I cant fix this or it wont ever be fixed and the trust is broken but I want to give it everything I have to mend it.

She asked me to write a list of lies I have told her but I couldn't think of any - she said their are ""more lies"" and she knows it. I told her we can start doing therapy to try and work on our issues which is something that will start soon but she looks at me different now and it hurts. It has only been a few days since this issue and I  want to know if time heals all or if I can do anything else to help resolve the situation. 

She says lying and cheating were huge issues in the past for her and it is not something she will apologize or change about herself and she needs to be completely reassured. 

TL;DR: I  lied to my girlfriend and now she assumes I am always lying."|robic18|False|https://redd.it/ekgrhy|2|0.75|0|3|1|relationships
ekdo3l|2020-01-05 14:29:50|My (24M) brother (22) is really struggling with mental health and is consistently asking me for money|"I've made a few posts about him before, so take a peek if you want.

He had what can only be described as a psychotic break on Christmas day, where he was physically violent and ran over my foot as he drove off, trying leaving our family gathering. He clearly was not lucid, and said a lot of things that just didn't make sense and seemed straight out of a movie. Even still, he said a lot of horrible things to us, and it is still affecting me today. It was extremely messy and we called the police because we were concerned with his safety. The police said they could not do anything unless he was assaulting us or made statements that were explicitly threatening to us or himself, of which we had no proof. We did not want to get him charged with assault either, as the charges would come from the city and not us.

Fast forward several days, he is back in contact with my parents and has been regularly venmo requesting me various amounts of money, ""saying I need this so I can buy a phone and get a job."" I know he is likely using some sort of drug other than marijuana, and this is not helping his mental state, thus I have not given him any money. I have given him nearly $200 in the past few months prior to his worrisome trip of the deep end.

I have not even replied to him yet, because I am just not sure how to reply. I want to be kind and respectful, but he needs to realize that people are not going to enable him anymore. I honestly would love to use this as leverage, saying something like if you decide to spend some time at the hospital, (which I believe he desperately needs), then maybe I can help you out a bit.

How would y'all handle this? This is in Michigan, and I've been searching through the legal system to see what I can do to get my brother help.

&#x200B;

TL;DR My (24M) brother (22) is really struggling with mental health and is consistently asking me for money and I don't know what to do."|SM_174|False|https://redd.it/ekdo3l|4|1.0|0|13|1|relationships
ekjmd2|2020-01-05 21:53:37|My boyfriend [21M] wants to move countries to be closer to his family and wants me [21F] to come with, but I’m not sure I want to|"My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 4 years now. We have lived together for a year, and all is going well. 

He is an Irish immigrant, and has lived in the USA most of his life. I am a US citizen. His parents are getting fairly old, and he’s talking pretty seriously about wanting to move to Europe to be near them within the next year or so. I will be graduating from college in a few months and we could move from where we live. 

I’m not opposed to leaving our state, but I recently completed a semester long study abroad in Europe, and didn’t love it. I liked the experience, but didn’t see myself ever moving to Europe or away from the US. I think my boyfriend was hoping the experience would make me want to come back to Europe, but all it’s done is strengthen my idea that I don’t want to leave the US. I’m okay with moving anywhere in the US, but not sure about an entire new country. Also, if we moved, we would need to be married within a year, or I wouldn’t be able to become a citizen and find employment. 

There is also the downside of leaving my family. I’m not sure what to do about this, as it seems he’s getting really serious. I don’t want to stop him from being near his family, but I also don’t want to live abroad and away from my family. I want to stay with him, but we obviously want very different things here. 

TL;DR: my boyfriend wants to move to Europe to be near his parents as they get older, but I just completed a semester abroad in Europe and want to stay in the USA."|theflickchicks|False|https://redd.it/ekjmd2|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekdigi|2020-01-05 14:15:46|How to deal with a toxic father (40-50M) of my (20M) girlfriend (21F)?|" As the title says.

I'm tired of her father. Seriously, he's what I would describe as a perfect example of a non-caring toxic person that has ego way too high.

My girlfriend has divorced parents. They divorced 7 years ago. She was at a very bad mental state back then. She started cutting herself, had been diagnosed with hypersensitivity and has depressions from time to time due to that.

She lived with her father after the divorce, her brother lived with mom. After two years, the brother moved and started living with my girlfriend and the father because she wanted it to be that way - she felt that mom can't take care of the brother and because the mom found a boyfriend that was 16 (yes, sixteen) and they have a child now! My girlfriend and her brother rarely see the mom. I would say that the mom doesn't even care about the brother.

Now, our relationship between me and my girlfriend isn't the best one. But works. We live in a flat, we pay the rent okay, we both study and work. I have a working family. I don't smoke, drink and I'm kind to my girlfriend. I buy her presents and I do a lot of things for her. I love her. I work in a fairly good position in a bank where I maintain their websites.

I don't respect her father. Not a bit. There are reasons for that.

* He makes fun of me.
* He doesn't care about his children.
* He makes fun of his daughter (my girlfriend). He makes fun of her mental condition - depressions, cutting. He refers to her as a freak. But he's the one who is responsible for what happened in the past!
* He doesn't have money - but spends the money on stupid things like a second car (Audi TT) that he doesn't even drive (he bought it just to show off in front of women).
* He isn't capable of finishing things. His flat looks like trash - he sleeps on the ground - same with clothes, rusty bathtub and more.

And a lot more - he doesn't act like a father. More like a teenager.

Where all of this shows is the brother. To be fair, he doesn't trust his father. Not a bit. He's likely to open up to me or everyone else but not the father. He's very alone, dad doesn't care. He dropped out the school, dad almost didn't even care. Shouting is normal in their family.

Same with talking shit behind my back. I have a feeling that her dad talks shit about me to his mother (grandmother of my girlfriend). Because last time the grandmother talked with my girlfriend she said she hopes that I will change. Not sure what I should change though. They don't even know me. They don't know what I studied, where I work, what I study - they don't know my parents, don't know if I do have any siblings, they know shit about me. Do they care? No. Do they ask me? No.

He talks shit to me in a person though aswell. And there's the question. I don't know what should I say. As a normal guy, I just take it. Because I don't want to act harshly, I want to show at least a bit of respect.

Would you at least say something in terms of shut up or fuck off? He's a complete asshole to everyone. And I hate it. My girlfriend takes the insults as well. And it's sad - his life is sad, he's a complete idiot and should think about his actions sometimes.

**tl;dr**

Dad of my girlfriend is a complete asshole to me and my girlfriend . He talks shit about me. How to deal with him?"|DoubleCode|False|https://redd.it/ekdigi|4|0.84|0|2|1|relationships
ekjfi6|2020-01-05 21:38:37|Friend's housemate [early 20s M] holds a grudge against me [21M] since two years ago when I slept with his then ex-girlfriend [early 20s F] while they were on a break. Now I have been essentially banned from my friend's [21M] house?|"For context we are all uni students. Posted to /r/advice but am posting here too as it's a bigger subreddit.

I met a girl out of the blue through a university sports club two years ago and eventually we got together a couple of times. I had no idea of her relationship status other than what she was telling me: that she had broken up with her ex-boyfriend, who we'll call Tom, somewhat recently and that they were on bad terms. The whole thing fizzled out between us pretty quickly after it became clear she was not in the right position to begin a new relationship which is completely fair, no problem.

It just so happens that Tom is a good friend of one of my good friends, who we'll call Oscar. There was actually a time one night where we all ended up being on a night out together with some other friends and Tom and I agreed to squash any animosity between us (not that I had any!). I thought that'd be the end of it. I'm not aware of the inner workings of Tom and the girl's relationship since then but they have since got back together again.

There were no problems until the start of this year of university when Tom and Oscar started living in a house together and now I am essentially banned from visiting their house, ever. Tom is obviously slighted at the relationship (if you can call it that) that I had with his (now again) girlfriend... TWO years ago. It is just a shame because I am blacklisted from any occasions or parties at their house, which happens to be literally across the road from mine. I was really excited at the start of this academic year about living so close to these guys because I thought I'd be able to go round all the time or whatever.

I basically got uninvited from the birthday party of another one of the housemates (who I'm also good friends with, we'll call Josh) after Tom said he wouldn't be comfortable with it. If it makes a difference Tom's girlfriend was meant to be there. Wouldn't make a difference to me, I'd steer clear of both of them anyway. Oscar and the Josh were fighting in my corner but there was no swaying Tom apparently. They promised that it would just be this one time and any more events they host I won't be banned from. Well I hear they're having another party to celebrate end of exams and this time I'm not even invited! (I'm quite sure I would be invited if not for this situation).

I need another perspective on this. I get it, it's also Tom's house and he definitely has a say who should be allowed in, but on the other hand I have been friends with Oscar and Josh for over three years now, and I feel I have a right to see them and celebrate with them. It's a bit of a joke that two of my friendships are taking a toll over something that happened two years ago and meant nothing... it seems so petty. To me at least. It just kind of makes me resent Oscar and Josh over their decision a little bit because this dude is clearly making such a big deal out of nothing... That is just my perspective at least, that's why I'm asking for your perspectives. It's basically high school drama, I know, any advice? I want to know how to broach it with Oscar and Josh because they said this wouldn't happen again, you know? I've offered to have an honest conversation with Tom about it but apparently there's no reasoning with him, he seems to quite hate me.

TL;DR Banned from a mate's house since I got with his housemate's girlfriend (while they were on a break two years ago). Want to be able to visit this house as I have friends there."|Fuckminsterfullerene|False|https://redd.it/ekjfi6|1|1.0|0|24|1|relationships
ekc3qc|2020-01-05 11:53:15|What can I do when I think my friends are excluding me.|"We are just starting our senior year in high school, and I feel really excluded, however I usually don’t like to talk about it very much because I get the typical “you’re just young.” Last year I started sitting with a new group of people. The year started with about 10 girls, however as the year when by, less and less of them where sitting with us, this was due to them dropping out of school, but also fights and what not. Now I am really close with one of the girls in particular, let’s call her A, but the others not so much. 

I kind of just feel like they see me as just A’s friend, and not part of the group. 

I really want to hang out and spend time with them, but recently I have felt really excluded. They have their own group chat, and they all hang out without me. A couple weeks ago, I assumed they didn’t really want to be friends with me so I started distancing myself. However, I got angry text messages saying how I was treating them badly, and I’m ignoring them. I explained that I felt left out, and they said that they don’t leave me out, and they try really hard to include me in stuff. 

I’m starting to think that maybe I offended them, and maybe that I’m the problem. I don’t make new friends very well, because I’m kind of awkward. 

Any advice on how to talk to them about it, or how I can change my own behaviour if I am the problem. 

Tl;dr: I feel like my friends are excluding me, am I the problem? How do I talk to them about it."|DiscountVegan|False|https://redd.it/ekc3qc|6|0.88|0|2|1|relationships
ekjepi|2020-01-05 21:36:27|How to set boundaries at family dinner tonight?|"Hey y'all! tonight my family and I are going to a family dinner including my boyfriend (30sM) and my parents (50s M & F) and my gramma (70s F). My family is like a small cult where you have to please my warlord like narcissistic mom. Well my boyfriend didn't do that. In March we will be together for 2 years, and he wants to propose soon. They hate each other. 

A few months back, him and I (20s F) had a huge fight and broke up. Being petty he texted my mom and let her have it a bit (though I have yet to make sense of this text exchange as it's different from both sides). Which honestly I let go because if my relationship was the same with his family as his is with mine I'd do the same. Well they haven't seen each other for probably over 6 months. He got my mom a skincare fridge for Christmas and she says all is forgiven (told ya she's like a warlord) but I'm not so sure. 

Here's my question. How do I set boundaries so that NONE of the parties involved talk about the past? I frankly don't give a shit about either party's hurt feelings. I'm over hearing about it from both. I'm in eating disorder recovery so I'm in a pretty fucking fragile state right now and literally anything is triggering. And while maybe eventually they should all sit down and circle jerk about the pain they've caused each other now is not the time. Now is the time for attempting to bring him into the fold and just being like family is stupid sometimes.  I don't want to set these boundaries like an asshole or immature teen I'd like to do it like an adult and be respected. 

TLDR: Family hates boyfriend. Boyfriend hates family.  I don't care. Don't want them to argue about hurt feelings over dinner. How can I respectfully assert my boundaries?"|Writer1997|False|https://redd.it/ekjepi|0|0.4|0|2|1|relationships
ekje6e|2020-01-05 21:34:52|My dad (63M) forwards me (29F) racist jokes and I'm not sure how to make him stop.|"Title says it really.

My dad and I aren't close and never have been. My parents divorced when I was 3 and he remarried when I was 12. He had another child with his wife (now 14F) and it was easier for him to choose them over me. 
When I was 16 I wanted to stop all contact with him but my mom talked me out of it saying I would regret it. So I kept in regular contact, we would call each other once every two weeks and I'd come see him and his family. It was fairly one sided.

5 years ago my dad lost his wife to cancer. My sister was 9 when she lost her mother. I had moved countries 4 years before that and after all was said and done he decided to move to the country I live in to be ""closer to me"". It was my biggest fear that he'd want me to be a surrogate mother to my sister after basically ignoring me for most of my life. So I set clear boundaries, he lives an hour away and we see each other about once every 6 weeks (I really can't do more often even though my dad and my sister want me to).

All of this is relevant because it gives you in insight in to what our relationship is like and how I'm not sure how to approach him (or want to, most of the time).

2 years ago my dad got his first smart phone and we WhatsApp each other about once a week. Something we've done that day, a picture of my sis, something we cooked, something to help out with.. regular stuff.. overall I enjoy this part of our relationship. It's casual and it makes me feel like I'm present enough for each of us to know what goes on in each others lives.

Sometimes these WhatsApp messages are forwarded jokes, a lot of them with a racist flavour or full on racist. I'm not sure if the content of the actual message is relevant or would translate from my native language so I won't share it, the general gist is that Africans are freeloaders in his opinion.

I have very different values than my dad does in most aspects that one would have values, but especially when it comes to targeting specific minorities. I don't agree with it. It's wrong and ignorant and makes him look stupid.

If it was my partner or a friend, my mother or even a stranger I'd totally call them out on this being unacceptable behaviour. But with my dad I'm not sure how to do that.

I responded to the message earlier than I didn't agree with the joke or this view of a minority, didn't think it was funny and he went on a rant about how this minority is ""bad"" in the country we are from and our current country has none of those issues. Not sure what else to respond or how to get him to stop sending these occassional messages. I'm not ok with it. Why does he think I'd find them funny?!

Would love anyone's insight or experience here.

TLDR; my dad sends me racist jokes from time to time and I want him to stop because I disagree"|TamTelegraph|False|https://redd.it/ekje6e|1|0.57|0|8|1|relationships
ekg7rq|2020-01-05 17:43:43|my (22F) roommate (21M) will not ask his friends (18 M,F)|"So, I moved in with my roommate in july. He met these people at school after the semester started, and constantly has them over. One of them has a bad relationship with her parents, and he invited her to live in our living room for winter break without asking my approval. 

She's been here for almost a month and a half, and her boyfriend came along with her 2 weeks in. I've asked them multiple times when they'll be leaving, as it's taking a huge hit on our bills and food. They don't have jobs, so they refuse to pay for food, electric, water, or gas for driving them around. 

How do I tell them to stop mooching off of us, and get the fuck out? I am not friends with these people, and I'm moving when my lease ends so I have no qualms about burning bridges.

tl;dr: how do i get my roommate's friends to leave my apartment?"|LadyHoundmaid|False|https://redd.it/ekg7rq|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekg6qx|2020-01-05 17:41:48|I[17M] and my gf [17F] are different regarding intimacy|"

Hey im on mobile so sorry if it’s formatted wrong.

Me and my gf have been dating for a year and 7 months now. Although there’s been ups and downs, we generally fix our issues. 

An issue we could never fix is our difference is intimacy. At first me and her were always intimate with each other.  We would always hug, kiss, hold hands etc. Three months in, she started feeling uncomfortable being intimate as we were. She told me it made her uncomfortable making others uncomfortable and that she no longer was to be intimate in public anymore. I understood her reasons so we stopped being intimate.  However now that I’m this long in, I realized I miss being intimate. I try to be Intimate with her but we only see eachother in public, so she always pushes me away. I understand that she doesn’t feel umcomfortable but now I feel down as I enjoyed being intimate with her and get hurt whenever she pushes me away 

Any advice on how to deal with this dilemma?

TL;DR me and my gf aren’t intimate anymore and although I understand she doesn’t feel comfortable, a lack of intimacy makes me feel unloved. Any advice on what to do?"|throwawaymain321|False|https://redd.it/ekg6qx|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekg44j|2020-01-05 17:36:39|I(24m) feel like I'm losing my sanity when I meet someone from the opposite sex who I find special|"I'm not in a relationship but my topic kinda connects to this subreddit and since it's a throwaway I see no reasons to lie. I've never been in a relationship and I'm still a virgin.

I don't think of myself as ugly or unattractive, the main problem is more likely that I have a pretty bad and untreated social anxiety which is even worse around women. And just maybe a little bit of depression that ain't helping at all.

So getting to the point, I still haven't given up on finding my soulmate in a female and let me tell you, I very rarely find someone who seems to be special and worth the effort of trying. But when I do I have this stupid feeling which, it might sound stupid but the only way I can describe it is: I feel like I'm falling in love too easily and too early. I know love is more complex than physical attraction but most of the time it is enough for me if the girl is kind to me and we talk for a few days via messages.

And boom, suddenly I cannot think of anything else, cannot focus on basic shit. My every toughts is her but how in the f when I only know her for a few days of messaging?

This is also the current situation at the moment. I found someone who is really cute and just a super nice person in general and we already messaged for a few days, I've been to a party at her house (it was very hard because of my anxiety) and I think it went pretty well. I haven't done anything stupid and actually managed to act like a normal human being. lt felt like everyone was having fun.

I probably have the emotional intelligence of a 10 yo because I've never heard of anyone who could fell in love this easily... And how do I get rid of these toughts that worry me to insanity? Like what if she already has someone, what if she's not even interested in me and just trying to be nice. I feel like I'm going to screw things up if I'm thinking too much about it.

Now at this point I just want to talk to her nonstop but she's taking her sweet time to reply my messages. Maybe she's just busy or maybe she lost all interest in me since yesterday. And I really don't want to scare her away with my stupid impatient ass. Or maybe she just wanted to be friends from the begining. I'm seriously going crazy

 TL;DR I feel like I'm falling in love too easily and it makes me worry because I can't just tell someone I love them after a few days.."|Every-Complaint|False|https://redd.it/ekg44j|2|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ejzigh|2020-01-04 17:31:06|He (49m) keeps asking me (38f) out and is getting kind of creepy.|"[update] So, I bit the bullet and texted him the following.

So, this is building off of the last deep conversation we had. 
I've said before that I'm going through a lot mentally. It hasn't changed. I still don't see my friends. I go to work and I come home to my kid and sometimes that sends my anxiety skyrocketing.  I simply do not have the capability to add anyone else to my life I have to get myself mentally where I need to be. Your message about driving by and noticing we were in bed upset me, and made me feel like I was being watched. I didn't want to do this because I like you and i like your kids, but its not fair to any of us and I need to be by myself to do this for myself.

He responded by saying he won’t call me again.


I expected to be upset but the only feeling I have right now is relief accompanied by mania which I’m trying to curb by cooking and cleaning because I feel a need to just move. So time to put my love myself playlist on Spotify and attempt to be productive and try to positively use my feelings and hope this wave passes quickly.



[original post]
Sorry if formatting sucks. I’m on mobile and kind of bad at format anyways.

Last night I got a text from my ex saying he was in my neighborhood picking up rent and he drove by and saw we were all in bed. My downstairs lights were off it was 8:30pm and I was watching a movie with my kid upstairs. That text was followed by inviting me out tonight for dinner and drinks and a movie. I told him no that I had stuff around my house I had to do. Today he texted asking if I have a sitter for tonight. 

He keeps asking me back out, I keep declining and have been grey rocking as much as possible. I’m afraid of the ripples in our friends if I lash out and end  the friendship even though tbh he is a driving factor in why I can’t get my anxiety under control. Also, my mom thinks I need to get more cameras around the house, not just at the front door (ring doorbell).

I haven’t gone on a date with him since November. I told him at that time that my mental health issues are making it so that I am unable to date at this time but I wanted to stay friends. Especially since we have mutual friends or I wouldn’t care as much. I was having panic attacks and manic episodes where I would yell when anyone even my kid tried to touch me during them and I was pacing for hours. My kitchen was never as clean as then. 

I guess I should probably add that on March 20, 2019 I had bariatric surgery and I’ve gone from 325lbs to 205lbs in that time (over 50kg loss for those of you who don’t use imperial measurements) and I was unprepared for the mental and physical changes that come with it. Tbh I should NOT have started dating and I should have gotten into counseling right away. At this time I have about 2 more weeks to wait for my first counseling appointment. 


How do I end it and keep my friendships intact?

Is it worth it to try again to get him to back off, nicely?

Am I under reacting? Over reacting? 

TL;dr. Got a creepy text from ex who I wanted to stay friends with, how should I proceed?"|xsamimariex|False|https://redd.it/ejzigh|172|0.9|0|50|1|relationships
ekj8k7|2020-01-05 21:19:01|I (29M) have a friend (28F) who I'm absolutely crazy about, but I have no idea if she feels the same way about me.|"Sorry if this is a dumb post, but I'm new to this sub and made a throwaway account for this post.  This may sound like a pretty juvenile situation for a nearly-30-year-old to fret about, but I just can't stop thinking about it.

I met this girl at a work conference a couple years ago, and we instantly hit it off.  We're from the same city, and our families know each other pretty well, but this girl and I somehow never met until we were in our twenties.  There was never anything romantic between the two of us because a) she had a pretty serious boyfriend and b) she now lived in a different city.  We stayed in touch after the conference and have been pretty good friends ever since.  A couple months ago, she broke up with her boyfriend and decided to move back to our hometown.  Ever since then, we've talked to each other almost every day (mostly through text), and we've hung out a couple of times since she's been home for the holidays a bit before moving back for good.  We actually matched on a dating app at one point but we haven't done anything romantic, even though most of our interactions have been fairly flirty.  She told told some friends of mine that she's not ready to start dating again when she moves back home, but given that she's on a couple of dating apps, I just can't help but think about it.  I'm absolutely crazy about this girl, and part of me really wants to tell her how I feel about her, but part of me knows that if she really isn't ready to start dating anyone, it doesn't do anybody any good to swing for the fences like that, and if she doesn't feel the same way about me, I don't want to lose her as a friend because I really do care about her.

On the one hand, if I never say anything, nothing will ever happen; on the other hand, if I say something and she's not ready or doesn't feel similarly, I could lose her entirely.  I don't think anything is going to happen in the next month or so before she actually moves, but I'm also not naive enough to think I'm the only guy she's talking to, so I can't help but think that if I don't say something, I'll miss my chance.

I know there's no silver bullet to make me less nervous about all this, but it's all I can think about.

TL;DR - I've developed strong feelings for a friend who has recently become single and will soon be moving to my city, and I don't know what to do about it."|OneTimeUse357|False|https://redd.it/ekj8k7|1|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
ekj7tk|2020-01-05 21:16:59|Commitment issues|"So I (18F) have had a crush on this (23M)guy on and off for maybe 2 and a half years now. At first it was just an innocent crush but then last year he confessed he like me back.  We made out a few times, I told him I really like him and then he ghosted me but he thought I ghosted him and then we saw other people and now we’re back where we started . We both like each other again but he’s  afraid to be in an actual committed relationship. Like I’m not tryna get married or anything right now but I feel like that’s what he thinks idk we’ve tried talking about it but it doesn’t lead anywhere. He also has a hard time expresses how he feels about me, he’s the type of person who would wait years and years before telling someone that he loves them and I’m the complete opposite. I’m the type to say gn ily or bye ily whenever I hang up the phone but I feel like I were to say that it’ll just scare him off but it’s a thing I say to everyone 
Any advice would be greatly appreciated thank you 

TL;DR I like this boy who has issues telling me how he feels"|kac771105|False|https://redd.it/ekj7tk|1|0.99|0|4|1|relationships
eke5lz|2020-01-05 15:12:05|Is boyfriend [22M] actually not treating me as his priority, or am I [22F] being too hard on him?|"Hi guys, my boyfriend and I have been dating for a little over a year now. Recently I’ve realized that despite having a great relationship with him (we click very well, understand each other deeply, love each other a lot, are there for each other), there was something always nagging me in the back of my mind:

On weekends, I get very anxious because we never really have concrete plans unless either 1. I propose a solid date, or 2. he just asks to hang out last minute. He’s not a planner and his friends aren’t either, so when it comes to weekends, he waits til the last minute to find out what his friends are up to, and then tells me when I can spend time with him this weekend based on his friends last minute answers to their plans. This has made me feel like an option- that I am, to him, someone that he can always slot into whatever time he ends up having left. It makes feel like I’m not a priority.

I talked to him about this, and he said “of course you are my number one priority! You’re the most important person to me”, but his actions that I described above has made me feel otherwise. He also actually knew of his behaviour of slotting me in last minute based on his friends plans and said it’s because he feels like I’m always able to accommodate - and he knows that it’s a bad attitude to have. I was surprised at how he was so quick to identify and know that that was bad behaviour, and actually made me feel even more shit because turns out he already knew of it and didn’t try to change it before I talked to him??

But besides this, everything else is very smooth sailing. He always texts me, asks me how my day is, tells me I love you, calls me at night to say goodnight etc. And is just very sweet in general. We also have date every Tuesday night to cook dinner together which he honors and is excited for.

So I am wondering if I’m being too harsh (and expect too much perfection in the relationship) by equating our weekend situation to him not prioritising me, despite him being such a good boyfriend in most other aspects? Or is it legitimately a concern and red flag that he is indeed not prioritising me?

Thank you!

TLDR: boyfriend treats me well most of the time but when it comes to weekends, I feel like an option not priority. Am I being too harsh/reading too much into this weekend behaviour?"|pumpernickelpillow|False|https://redd.it/eke5lz|3|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
eke527|2020-01-05 15:10:46|My (22M) partner (27M) is struggling with his sleeping habits|"We’ve been in a long distance relationship for almost a year and a half now, we meet consistently every 2-3 months and we’re both on EST (~8 hour distance). Our work schedules are exactly the same (9-5) but our jobs vary massively (desk job vs vet tech), but we always take the time out before and after work to call and text each other. He struggles sometimes to get a lunch break (or any break at all) and during the winter months things get extremely busy at work so it’s really affecting his energy. Another issue is that due to Atlanta traffic he takes an hour to get home from work every day. By the time he gets home some days he accidentally passes out for the night (10-12+ hours) and wakes up in the morning miserable because he feels he’s wasted time we could be spending together or he could just be spending enjoying himself or being productive. We’re working on moving him here since our entire friend circle is here and he’d thrive living here for sure. We’ve made a lot of progress on this goal but his sleeping issues (energy issues?) are affecting his ability to apply for jobs and be productive. It’s in turn affecting his confidence and the time we spend together. Our relationship has been extremely mutualistic and something I really really love, we’ve gotten through a lot in the past 6 months alone and I’m not willing to end the relationship over something that isn’t his fault since we’re both happy and we want a future together. This problem isn’t every night, but its caused us to miss a lot of time together recently. 

Here are some of my pieces of advice to him:
- put something on your bed to prevent you from the temptation of sleeping
- shower at night once home instead of the morning 
- B2 vitamins
- keep a consistent sleeping schedule from 11-730
- take breaks from work, even if it’s bathroom breaks where you can eat a protein bar or something 
- stay hydrated
- ask roommate to check up on him after work 
- set alarms to go off every 30 minutes to an hour in case you fall asleep (invest in an Alexa)
- work from 10-6 again, this issue was never present when he worked that shift instead of 9-5, I believe the 5-530 Atlanta traffic is fucking his energy up too

Any advice or way to handle this would be so appreciated. I love him so much and I hate to see him struggle with this. I should add that he’s been trying things but he’s still struggling. 

TLDR; In LDR with partner who is struggling with his sleep and energy due to a demanding job and a horrible commute due to traffic."|kougras|False|https://redd.it/eke527|3|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekj29q|2020-01-05 21:02:18|My (31F) bf (34M) has commitment issues.. Help!|"I have previously posted on here as my boyfriend and I previously had some intimacy issues due to his body image and work stresses. I'm glad to say things have improved in that area, so thank you Reddit :)

However, now we have been in a relationship for almost a year and a half, it is evident that he has some commitment and consistency issues..

A few months into dating, he was quite forward with how he felt we would move out together and would say how excited he was about it.

Fast forward to now and he never brings up anything in relation to moving out. It may be worth noting that he still lives at home with his mother and younger brother. Also he did move out once with a partner and they lasted a few months before they split up, as they realised they were incompatible. 

However, I recently brought the topic of moving out together up but it mainly centred on his plans to move out and for me to then join him. Again, there was no mention of the excitement of living together. We have also since discussed the issue and have left it as we will take some time apart to think. 

Recently he also added that he's now pretty sure he doesn't want children (he was previously undecided) and would only marry a partner only if they wanted to, as he doesn't believe in marriage. I'm undecided about children but whole heartedly wish to get married one day. 

Reddit, its clear that there are some commitment issues but I'm lost as to what to do. He is genuinely the nicest, most genuine man I have ever met and otherwise, our relationship is based on respect, honesty, having lots of laughs and love. I don't want to walk away from things... 

Please give me your insights! Is this salvageable? 

Thank you.

TLDR; my boyfriend has commitment issues. Can I save things?"|babysharkdoodoodadoo|False|https://redd.it/ekj29q|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekj0fz|2020-01-05 20:58:39|30f feeling stupid and sad on my trip to LA|"I am a physically/mentally/emotionally healthy individual back where I live. I am currently taking my masters in education and during the semester break, my more-than-friend-less-than-boyfriend texted me and was almost begging me to come visit him. 

Back in June I came over to LA for the first time to visit him hoping to explore the friendship further. It didn’t happen as he was into another girl.  I was slightly sad but took it since I thought we weren’t exactly compatible anyway.

From around October onwards he starting texting me a lot again and said he and that girl decided to just be friends, and that he’s always liked me, and that he’s committed. He wanted us to spend Xmas and NYE together and I was eager to travel to LA again. The whole countdown to my arrival was all sweet and dandy and I was looking forward to this trip thinking it’ll be different from June.

When I arrived, reality was not as expected. He was distant. He still brought me to the places we wanted to visit together etc but there was just something off. Finally I asked him what’s wrong and he said he changed his mind cause seeing me brought back all the obstacles he had thought of earlier with regards to us being together, including it being a long distance relationship. I was like, what? You made me come all the way here to tell me this?

I was upset and felt duped. But rationally I knew we weren’t compatible anyway. I was okay with us being friends but this whole trip is already kind of ruined.

Some days he just seem to not even want to have anything to do with me. Today is my last day and he just told me to get my own lunch as he wants to stay in with his brother.  I don’t like to travel alone but now I’m just hanging on my own having lunch. 

The part about being stupid is that he likes to crack jokes at my expense. It makes me feel dumb and slowly I just lost the confidence to speak and most of the time I’m just quiet. I felt like I couldn’t speak and express myself freely.

I am happy I’m going home today but also upset I’m leaving him. I think I still kinda like him despite all this. Should I still ‘love’ him as a friend, or cut him out of my life when I return back, or unleash my unhappiness / thrash it out with him?

Tl;dr: felt duped into coming to LA to pursue a relationship which did not happen, and now feeling like I overstayer my welcome."|666593|False|https://redd.it/ekj0fz|1|1.0|0|22|1|relationships
ekiyvj|2020-01-05 20:55:28|One step away from Divorcing Paranoid wife|"Tl;dr 10 years of paranoid wife has me on the brink. 

My wife is 36 now. She’s been diagnosed with PTSD, anxiety, depression, and ADHD. She she’s a psychiatrist for her ADHD. 

We’ve been married for 5 years now. Been together much longer. The paranoia began 10 years ago while she was in gradschool (no she dropped out). She felt her professors were Remote Desktop connecting to spy on her emails. Twas funny at first and then she dropped out. 

She got a job as a teacher and worked for 4 months. She never went back and they fired her. That’s when things got really crazy. 

We got married and bought a house. She then began telling me that there were spies in our neighborhood. People waking their dogs or plumbers, etc were all accused of spying. Wrong numbers or any issue whatsoever with her phone was explained as spying. Her stupid counselor just reinforced it by making me out to be part of the problem, so we bought Ring Cameras and set them up. 

Despite the cameras, things got worse. It progressed into screaming and cussing while smashing things. Several years of this and I was willing to move her 500 miles away to a new state and new career.  (She refuses to work btw). 

We move to a place where Catholic Church is big deal. She becomes super religious. All of her talk is about the Saints and Mary. No more sex with me since I wasn’t into all of this Catholic Church stuff. 

We go visit HER family for thanksgiving and Christmas. Now her paranoia has spilled over onto me. I’m now part of the spying. 

Her parents confirm that she’s telling them all about the spying.  

Now she won’t let me touch her and she’ll be happy and positive one moment to angry and hateful the next. Peloton had an outages yesterday and she blamed me for it. She couldn’t get a song to DL on her phone and, yes, I’m the cause! She says that I’m doing this to isolate her from her family and society. 

My late uncle had a wife with diagnosed schizophrenia. I know what mental illness looks like. He stuck with her until the day he was MADE to retire. That day he went home, he shot himself in the head. I promised my family that id never do that to them. 

My wife’s family has agreed with me that divorce is probably best. They want what’s best for me and told me they wouldn’t hold it against me. 

I plan to file for divorce this week if she won’t admit that she needs help ( and gets it). This will kill me spiritually. Can anyone suggest one more thing to try?I miss life."|dazedANDconfused2020|False|https://redd.it/ekiyvj|0|0.33|0|18|1|relationships
ekcwkr|2020-01-05 13:18:40|Advice needed. My [28f] partner [29m] of 5 years might not love me but isn't sure.|"Fairly new to reddit, so any mistakes/formatting issues ect please forgive me.

&#x200B;

Long story short though, my partner of many years has just said he doesn't know if he loves me or wants to continue. He's said he still cares about me/finds me attractive/thinks we're a good fit as a couple and isn't sure if this can be something worked through or not. I've taken myself away for a little bit, as we share a house together, and I don't think being around him right now is really going to help anything, as all I do is keep crying and wishing it wasn't happening. I can't add anything constructive here as it's just a big shock.

&#x200B;

Obviously I want everything to be okay and to go back to normal, but I'm not really sure what I should do from here? Has anyone else been in this situation? We were looking into mortgages not that long ago so it all seems to have come from nowhere for me. He's not sure what to do, and I'm not sure what to do, and I'd just like some advise on what I need to be doing with myself right now, I don't want to mess things up. We've only have a few arguments this whole relationship.

&#x200B;

TL;DR how do I not mess it up if my partner might not love me anymore, but isn't sure?"|GroundbreakingTill6|False|https://redd.it/ekcwkr|5|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekfmxf|2020-01-05 17:02:52|I think my husband has an eating disorder, but he's in denial and I'm at a loss of how to help|"My husband and I have been together for five years. When we first met, I thought his picky eating was just a quirk, but when we moved into together I realised how restrictive his diet actually  is, and after five years of no improvement I'm really struggling with the issue. I think he suffers from Selective Eating Disorder, but he won't address it, and gets defensive when I bring it up and I'm so sick of the arguments. I swing from feeling like a mum nagging a child to eat his vegetables, and feeling guilty about trying to change his eating habits and just leaving him to it, even if it impacts his health in the long-term.

To give you an idea of how restrictive his diet is, he eats Spaghetti Bolognese for dinner 4-5 times a week, and pasta with tomato sauce or chicken and rice in between. We have an Indian takeaway one day a week (the only take out he'll have), where he'll order the same meal every time. He eats a snack bar for breakfast, skips lunch or eats a small snack/grazes on junk food (but only certain kinds) throughout the afternoon, then binges on chocolate and sweets in the evenings. He will only eat 2-3 fruits and no vegetables. On the weekend he'll eat slightly more - eggs, bacon, toast and tomato soup (not real tomatoes), but that's roughly the extent of his diet. If we go out for food, he orders Spaghetti Bolognese. 

He's underweight for his height, and although not shockingly so, he wears lots of layers to hide how thin he is. Whenever I try to talk to him about it (it's usually obvious he's wearing a bunch of layers, as he looks ""puffy"" rather than bigger) he gets angry with me. When I attempt to get him to try new food, he says he feels sick and like he's about to suffer a panic attack, and I've noticed he's started using techniques people with issues like Anorexia use - such as arranging his plate to look like he's eaten more than he has and lying about what he's actually eaten. 

I'm worried about him - his health and the fact that he's missing out on so much - but I don't know what to when he's in denial. Is it best to just leave him to it and hope one day he decides to deal with it on his own?

TDLR: pretty sure husband has an eating disorder (SED), but he's in denial and I don't know what to do."|Cat_mommie|False|https://redd.it/ekfmxf|2|1.0|0|8|1|relationships
ekiuew|2020-01-05 20:46:52|I (22 F) don't feel attractive enough for my (23 M) Boyfriend|" 

About 1-2 weeks into my current boyfriend’s and my relationship he had told me that he wasn’t as attracted to me as he’d like to be but that it was self correcting but he wouldn’t mind it if I lost 20 pounds. Now, I know that sounds bad and if someone had said that to one of my friends I’d tell her to leave him and be with someone who doesn’t want you to change. I personally already was self conscious about my weight (I’m perfectly average) since starting a desk job I haven’t been as active and I also broke my foot a few months back which prompted me to gain weight as well. It was something I was already interested in changing - and I was understanding of that and this open line of communication between the two of us has made the big topics in life much easier and in a weird sense has made us a lot closer. 

I decided I was going to lose weight for me - and he has even told me since that night it doesn’t even matter to him he just wants me in his life and that he finds me very attractive.   
 So things should be fine right? Nope. I can’t have sex with him without my shirt on, I don’t like him looking at me naked, if he compliments me to tell me I look pretty or that my ass looks nice in my leggings my skin crawls. I truly hate it when he compliments me. I’ve never been a person who doesn’t find myself attractive. I am attractive. I still think I am. But for some reason when he says something about me being pretty or brings up my appearance, I feel ugly…it’s like that rejection is just non stop lurking in the back of my mind. I just feel unattractive to him.   
 We’ve been together for a few months now and I really do see a future with him I just can’t get over this ego blow - and it’s starting to hurt both of us. 

TL;DR: My boyfriend told me I could be hotter and even though we’ve established a meaningful bond, I can’t move past it and it’s starting to impact our relationship."|Fabulous-Grapefruit|False|https://redd.it/ekiuew|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ek9zxh|2020-01-05 07:44:25|My (25f) boyfriend (25m) did something really out of character tonight and i'm not sure how to respond|"This all happened in like a 2 minute span. Tonight he was folding the laundry in our room and I was in the kitchen cleaning up and singing some stupid silly song in a bad voice. Our other roommate cracked jokes about how bad it was and so did my boyfriend. We joke like this all. the. time. and it has never been an issue. He was laughing and saying ""omg stop please!"" but again, we joke like this all the time (another example is he will tell dad jokes back to back for like 5 minutes straight and ill do the same 'haha omg stop please' thing)

There was no indication he was actually getting annoyed.

Anyway I came into our room to bring in the rest of the laundry and was singing the song, he was standing over the bed folding laundry. I leaned against his back in a half hug and he was facing away from me and used his free hand and his back to shove me off. It was hard enough for me to stumble back in the dresser, like it wasn't a super hard push and it didn't hurt but it was hard enough that it genuinely surprised me. I was put off and asked what that was for and he just said I was annoying him and he found it rude that I leaned on him and sang the song when he asked me to stop, but he was laughing when he said it I thought we were just joking around because we had been joking around doing chores all night. I just kinda removed myself from the room but the more I thought about it the more upset I got.

When I told him how upset I was he had a pretty ""devil may care"" response about it and said i'm being overdramatic, but that hes sorry and he didn't think he pushed me that hard. But WTF? He hasn't behaved like that ever before so i'm genuinely confused.

We have been dating for 2 years, were best friends before we dated for like 5 years. I also want to mention I was in an abusive relationship for 3 years before him and my ex would shove me really hard to the ground, choked me and threw me down stairs and i'm afraid i'm going to get sucked into it again the whole incident just brought back a lot of bad memories and I don't want to make the same mistakes. Should I leave him? Was this a big deal or am I projecting my past trauma onto this situation? I told myself never again...

tl;dr boyfriend lightly shoved me off when we were joking around and I can't tell if it was a big deal or not due to past trauma"|thenamesarealltaken1|False|https://redd.it/ek9zxh|11|0.76|0|12|1|relationships
ekcugp|2020-01-05 13:12:39|Boyfriend (22M) tells me (23F) “I love you” so I can shut up|"Long story short my boyfriend (22M) and I (23F) were arguing and during the argument he tells me “I love you” and didn’t answer my questions. I thought it was cute but also kind of weird that, that’s all he would said.
 
Anyways we moved on from the argument and he came over. By the way, we were arguing through texts. Throughout the day we were good, even had sex and all but the text would still come to mind how it was weird. So I had decided to ask him about it when walking to his car. 

I wish I didn’t. He basically told me that he wanted me to shut up (about argument) so that’s why he said it. I was in shocked and heartbroken. He tried to fix it by saying that he was trying to even/cancel out the bad with a good. But that was just damage control. After he got mad because “we were arguing again” but I told him we weren’t and I left. I guess when he got home, he texted me that he was sorry that he said that to me and he didn’t know how to express himself.

I’m so hurt and heartbroken because it breaks my heart to think that all those I love you he has said to be me were not genuine or because he felt it. Also because he knows that throughout my whole life I have felt unloved and lonely so it just hurt a bit more coming from him when he tells me that I can be loved. We haven’t talked since and I don’t know if we are still together or not. And if we are, I don’t know if I still would want to. I just know that I’m hurt but also miss him. We were talking about getting married this year. At this point I don’t know what to do... I’m confused and need help. Is it possible that I’m overreacting and just sensitive about it? 

TL;RD: Boyfriend tells me “I love you” so I can shut up. I’m so hurt and heartbroken but still love him. I don’t know what to do. Am I overreacting?"|Plenty-anxiety|False|https://redd.it/ekcugp|4|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekisbg|2020-01-05 20:42:47|My boyfriend [21M] and I [22F] helped out a couple, now they won't leave us alone.|"So my boyfriend has a friend, who we'll call Ned \[20m\]. This summer Ned broke up with his girlfriend at the time and started dating Hannah, an underaged, 17 year old girl. He got kicked out of his mother's house and moved in with his new girlfriend. After a month or so they ran away together, both unemployed (Hannah also doesn't have an ID, or a high school diploma/GED). 

My boyfriend and I happen to have an extra bedroom that doubles as my art studio. There is a bed in the room and we let guests sleep in it when they spend the night. After a few weeks of couch surfing, Ned gets a job. He contacts my boyfriend and asks if Hannah can stay with us while he goes out of state for job training for a week. 

We discussed it as a couple, a little hesitant because we had always talked about how we'd never let guests stay for more than three days (Plus she's an underaged RUNAWAY). However, I felt bad so I told my boyfriend it was fine. One week? I could handle that. I'm quite an introvert and the thought of having someone I didn't know in my home for a week made me a little uncomfortable. But I wanted to help. 

She comes to stay with us and the week wasn't bad. She helped me around the house once or twice, we went grocery shopping together, and it was kind of nice to have another girl around. She told me about how bad it is at her mom's house and I tried to get through to her that she should go home. From what she told me her mother isn't abusive, just a little controlling. And she'll be 18 in a few months anyway. Personally, I think she should finish school and learn to drive. 

A week later, Ned comes back from job training. He asks if its okay to stay another week with us. Both him and Hannah. My boyfriend, who is just as overly kind as I am, says that he can stay until his first paycheck, which would be in a week. The job pays very well and that would be enough to at least get them on their feet. 

While they're staying with us, my boyfriend and I begin to get  a little annoyed. Just little things but enough to remind us why we didn’t have roommates in the first place. Friday comes and we send them on their way. We don’t hear from them from a few days. 

Then we find them sleeping in their car outside of our apartment. Then Hannah messages me and asks if Ned can come up to the apartment and take a shower. Then she begins to message me everyday, begging to come back. 

My boyfriend even went as far as finding them a hotel, but Ned refuses to go get one. He spent all his paycheck on Christmas presents they didn’t realistically have the money to get. They have two TVs and two Xbox One’s they refuse to sell for money and instead have them set up in their car, using our WiFi. 

I don’t know what to do. I’m still being messaged constantly. Should I block her? Are we being horrible people for kicking them out? 

TL;DR: My boyfriend and I let a couple stay at our house and after kicking them out they won’t leave us alone."|mostlydimples|False|https://redd.it/ekisbg|1|1.0|0|9|1|relationships
ekipva|2020-01-05 20:38:15|I'm (28f) not sure what to do about conflicts in my relationship (27m)|"I apologize for how long this is, but I would really appreciate some advice. Here is some background:

My boyfriend (27m) and I (28f) have been together for about 8 months. I care about and love him, but from day one, things have not always been easy between us. We have very different personalities and personal struggles. My biggest is issues around panic anxiety. We live 40 minutes from each other and it isn't easy for me to travel to him because I don't drive due to my anxiety (although I am about to obtain a driving permit again). I know this creates an imbalance in our relationship, because it is mostly up to him to drive to see me. In spite of this anxiety, I do commute to college (being driven there by someone else) in his city twice a week and see him sometimes in between classes. That being said, he also works a minimum of four ten-hour days (sometimes longer days) and doesn't get out until 11pm or midnight. He doesn't work his regular job on the weekends, but he works very hard remodeling and fixing up his house, in order to be able to eventually rent it out. Even with classes and work, my schedule is much more flexible. The amount of time that we spend together has been a continuously sore spot in our relationship. I try really hard to be understanding, but it is difficult for me to only see him once a week. Sometimes it is once every two weeks. Also, when he does come to my house, he doesn't arrive until after dark or until very late. Even if I could drive to see him on the weekends, I believe he would feel obligated to work on his house. I sometimes wonder why he wants to be in relationship with me at all, because it seems to me that he doesn't have time for it or doesn't feel it is a priority. I've brought this up a number of times, and it has gotten to the point where he has told me that if I can't deal with the fact that he has many other obligations, and that he is very focused on making a better future for himself, that I should find someone else to be with.

I really don't want to paint him as an unkind person, because he can be really sweet and we have a close and loving bond when we are together. We love each other, although it makes him uncomfortable and awkward to tell me that he loves me first. I've tried to press him on this, because I believe there is something unconscious and psychological at play here, and I believe these things should be examined, but he doesn't seem to have much interest in pursuing the root cause of his reluctance to say it. I can't deny that it is painful for me that he doesn't like to say it, but what hurts the most are some surprising things that he has voiced to me recently. 

Before Christmas, we were having more arguments recently. One night, trying to be sweet and thoughtful, I texted him that I thought of him often, and he replied that he knew I did, and that it worried him. When I asked what he meant he said he felt that I was obsessed with him. This just isn't true, and if anything, he treats my normal desire to see him as obsessive. I told him I was really hurt and confused by what he said, and on the weekend, I wanted him to come and see me in person so we could talk about it. It has been really difficult for me to talk about problems in our relationship over the phone, so I was rather urgent in wanting to see him on this specific day. He wouldn't commit to it, because there was an event going on for the last time in his city that night and because he felt we should talk on the phone first. I admit I got really angry, because I felt like he was basically choosing this event over me after he had already hurt my feelings. It was a Sunday, so if he didn't come down that night we wouldn't be able to see each other in person for at least four more days. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been so insistent. He got really angry and told me that lately it had been like having a gun to his head in order to be with me. I was absolutely stunned. All I wanted was to see him and talk in person about something he said that felt hurtful and confusing, but that feels like having a gun to his head? That was a few weeks ago and I'm still really upset. We've talked about it since, and he did apologize and explained that he said it because he felt like he had no options. However, I'm still having a lot of trouble understanding why he felt that was okay or justified to tell me.

Christmas was around the corner, and I was determined to have a good one. My father died from Parkinson's disease nearly three years ago and my twin brother moved across the country recently, so it's just me and my mom at home. Holidays are hard when one of your parents has died and you don't have many friends or a big family, and I was feeling a little sad. I assumed my boyfriend would come over and spend Christmas day with me. I told him I was feeling sad about my dad and brother, but he wouldn't commit to coming over. He was planning on taking a short vacation, but was now thinking about leaving late Christmas night. Starting to feel hurt, I asked him to consider postponing his trip one day so that we could see each other on Christmas. He told me that because of my emotions or something, he felt I was having trouble seeing his perspective. He said he hadn't taken a real vacation in years and wasn't going to sacrifice his life for me, or not do the things he wanted to do because of me. Again, I was shocked by his words. He said he wished I could come with him, but understood that I couldn't (because of my anxiety). I got very angry and told him what a ridiculous, degrading and cruel thing that was to say to me. I didn't talk to him for a day, and he eventually apologized, saying that I was right, that what he said was unkind and he should have worded it better. I'm still at a loss for why he feels he must word anything like that at all. I have never implied that he shouldn't do things he wants to do, nor have I tried to stop him. He did come over on Christmas, but I felt pretty awkward and hurt. We have yet to talk about any of this in depth, and only plan to in my therapist's office, with him there.

I don't know what to do. He is very willing to come with me to therapy and tells me that he wants me to be happy and to get better from depression and anxiety. Even so, his words have really hurt me and I feel very insecure lately. I'm not sure what to think, and if this relationship is worth salvaging. I'm not sure if I trust him anymore and if things can really be fixed. He blames a lot of it on my inability to see his perspective. I fall into insecure moments and believe him, but I have other moments of feeling very angry and just plain hurt. I would really appreciate any advice.

 Tl;Dr Relationship has many conflicts around how much time we spend together, and boyfriend has been saying hurtful things lately that he feels are justified and I don't know what to do/how to get through to him."|hawkandeagle22|False|https://redd.it/ekipva|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekqgi7|2020-01-06 07:04:13|How can I [m/23] get my GF [f/22] to agree to my fetish and not find it weird?|"So to make a long story short we both love each other but she has admitted she is contemplating breaking up with me due to my fetish.

I like to wear a diaper (depends) and go to the bathroom on myself and have her change me. Then she bathes me and then we have sex after that. 

She thinks it's a Mom fantasy but that could not be further from the truth. Her taking care of me like that really turns me on and it makes my experience with sex much more pleasurable. 

I want her to understand it's not a weird type thing and it only enhances the love I already feel for her. 

TLDR; how can I show my GF that my fetish is about my love for her?"|DangerousLeague|False|https://redd.it/ekqgi7|0|0.23|0|13|1|relationships
ekiagw|2020-01-05 20:08:51|I feel caged at home|"I am 19M and at uni. I feel caged whenever I go home during the break. My parents do a lot of little things that makes me feel like I am always under their surveillance. They always ask for my friends numbers and my location when I go out to a place when even they know that place to be very safe. They dont let me stay out after 10, even if all my friends can even the girls. During the weekend they will hijack my day by telling me they are taking me somewhere with them or that I need to get something done. I would gladly do those things but if I am intimated earlier because then I would plan my day around it too. Right now I am back at uni but I told them that I would intern away from home during the break. I feel bad about this because they would like to spend time with me. But at the same time I feel caged at home.

Am I being overly dramatic?
Am I being a problem child?

Sorry for any formatting errors, typed it on my phone.

TL;DR- feel caged at home because I think parent control me a lot. What do I do?"|milocooldog|False|https://redd.it/ekiagw|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ekchp8|2020-01-05 12:36:16|I really like him, but why don’t I feel that spark yet?|"Hi! 21F here, I’ve recently met a guy, 20M. We live in the same town though I didn’t know him until we met on tinder. We had each other on Snapchat for about a year, he’d message me randomly every so often, vice versa. About a month ago we finally decided to meet up. We went on a date, it was great. That week we went on two more dates. We do something together almost every day now, we stay at each others houses at least 3 nights each week, it’s great. We aren’t officially together, just like, an item. 

He is really into me, and he tells me every day, and he wants to be with me constantly. I like him a lot, he’s one of the nicest people I’ve ever met in my life. But there’s one thing, I don’t feel a spark or anything even close yet. Like, some days I feel like I need to call it off because I’m worried I won’t feel it. I’ve never actually been in a proper relationship before though, I just never met anyone I’d like to be with and it was never a priority for me. So, I’m not sure how long it even takes to feel a spark. I just feel like I’m so behind compared to how he feels.

When he’s not around I do enjoy it, because I’ve been so alone and independent most of my life, and I know it sounds bad but I dread thinking about how this relationship is going to turn out. When I’m not with him, I constantly second guess if I should keep going with him. But then when I see him, I light up and I love his company. 

I don’t know, it’s incredibly difficult to explain. I’m just worried I’ll get in too deep, not feel anything, then hurt his feelings. Or do things like this take more time normally? Should I wait it out? Because I do like him, it’s just a very weird experience for me.

Tl;dr - I really like the guy I’m seeing for the past month, but I don’t feel a spark yet. I’ve never had a relationship before so I’m not sure when I should feel it anyway. He admits to liking me a lot, I feel like I’m really behind with my feelings. When he’s not around, I second guess being with him, but when he’s around, I know that i want him."|throwawayzzz1019|False|https://redd.it/ekchp8|4|0.72|0|2|1|relationships
eki35o|2020-01-05 19:54:44|Bothered about sister [42F] acting like a parent to me [33F] more than a sister|"My relationship with my sister is nothing normal to the point that I'm more afraid of her than my mom. She demands to be given a level of respect that I think is inappropriate based on our relationship and age difference. She never checks up on me and I always have to initiate the communication between us. When I asked why, she said it's because she's my elder and I should humble myself before her. She used to discipline me as a kid, and it yielded to good results academically but it tormented me mentally and emotionally.

&#x200B;

I can't help but feel bothered that I don't have a normal sibling relationship with her. My bf has about the same age gap with his older brother and he doesn't have any drama with his brother. My sister keeps a tally of all the wrong things that I've done since I was a child and expects me to sit through her lengthy lectures without being interrupted. She never likes giving me my turn to speak. When I interrupt her, she gets angry and continues to remind me why I'm so bad. A good conversation with my sister consists of me saying yes/okay, letting her ramble about all my flaws and being on my best behaviour.

&#x200B;

Like many people, she normalizes what I say and do, expects me to be normal and blames my mental health when it benefits her. I'm not perfect but I try to get along with her. She does show up when she needs to be there when I need some sort of rescuing from danger or trouble. She only shows up when I've screwed up and everything's too late. She avoids me otherwise.

&#x200B;

Despite our differences, she claims to accept me for who I am. However, she avoids me and she claims I gave up my Filipino upbringing since I wear fitted clothes and crop tops now. I walked away from the religion that I was born into (a christian denomination called Iglesia ni Cristo/INC) and this made me even more of an outcast in the family because this is our last commonality. I perceive religion to be the biggest homewrecker in my life. It's such a big deal and it drives me crazy that it's creating unnecessary distance between me and my loved ones. My sister prides herself for being a morally upright member of INC.  When there's a new bf who I'm willing to introduce, she refuses to acknowledge him because ""it's not like we're married,"" which is a whole problem in itself. I ended up marrying 2 exes respectively in hopes that she'll take my relations seriously. I ended up getting divorced twice because part of why I got married is to please my family. My current bf has introduced me to his family and friends and he's extremely willing to meet my family including my sister and my sister said she's not ready. I see it as her not having my back.

&#x200B;

If this helps, I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and I'm seeking treatment through therapy and medication. BPD is a lot of things but in my case it's mainly unstable relationships, abandonment issues, body image problems, self-destructiveness, impulsive decisions and explosive anger. I have a high-level of self-awareness and I'm willing to seek treatment, but I never learn from my mistakes and I hate, hate, hate myself for it.

&#x200B;

Should I stop forcing a relationship with my sister and just go on with my life?

&#x200B;

tl;dr

Sister tries to parent me instead of acting like a sibling. She nitpicks my flaws in her one-sided conversations where I'm not allowed to participate in. I'm closer with my mom than her. She tries to control aspects of my life like religion, outfits and relationship but since she can't she avoids me instead. She does come to the rescue when needed. What should I do?"|twewesa|False|https://redd.it/eki35o|0|0.4|0|3|1|relationships
ekhycn|2020-01-05 19:45:42|Girlfriend’s(19) roommate is not living with her next year and I don’t want her to live with myself(20) and my roommate. AITA?|"**TLDR: GF of 9 months needs a place to live in August but I want to continue living with friends and not have her be my roommate AND girlfriend at this point in our relationship.**

So here’s the context: My girlfriend has a lease on an apartment with her friend. When that lease ends, her friend doesn’t want to live with her, and might move in with her boyfriend of 7 months. This leaves my girlfriend without a roommate come August, something she wasn’t planning on having to deal with.

I live with two roommates, one of which is leaving after our lease ends in August. My other roommate(my best friend) and I want to replace  her with another one of our friends who is moving to town. My girlfriend is upset with me because I didn’t offer the room to her, however I don’t think I had any obligation to. Her and I have been dating for 9 months, and have never discussed living together. 

My two big reasons for not wanting her to live with my roommate and I is 1: My roommate doesn’t like the idea of living with a couple, which is fair, and 2: I fear that her being my roommate will put too much strain on the relationship and will lead to us breaking up and then we have to live together until the lease ends. I’ve told her these reasons however she is still taking it very personally, suggesting I don’t sympathize with the fact that her roommate is ditching her. AITA for wanting to live with friends and not her?"|Regziel|False|https://redd.it/ekhycn|0|0.5|0|7|1|relationships
ekemm3|2020-01-05 15:49:30|My cousin is taking advantage of my unwell uncle. Is there anything that can be done?|"My uncle is in his 70s. He has chronic depression, and goes into hospital for it multiple times a year for 3 weeks or more at a time. He can’t take care of himself. He suffered trauma as a child and since there were not the same mental health resources, it built up over his life to the point of no repair. He also has diabetes, which is worsened by the fact he can’t take care of himself. He has delusions and hallucinations. 

When someone becomes ill like this, you start to see some people’s true colours. My cousin is in her 40s and is in college. (He’s her uncle too). She has never worked all her life. Never visited or bothered with my uncle until he became ill. We thought it was strange but didn’t think anything of it until we found out that she collects his pension and takes a hefty portion of it for herself. My uncle is very generous and she probably told him she was broke, and he would have offered to give her weekly money. However, he’s not really in the right state of mind to be making these decisions, and it’s completely taking advantage. 

She is receiving a full college grant, council house and loan parent allowance. My uncle is in hospital again at the minute for the past 6 weeks and she hasn’t visited him once. She doesn’t help with anything like his medication, taxes, hospital meetings. She just visits him once a week when he’s at home to get her money. My uncle has also decided he’s leaving his house to her, which is the house he and his siblings grew up in. My family and I hate seeing this happening, but don’t know if anything can actually be done since he’s decided himself to give her the money. Are there any laws about taking advantage of an ill person? 

TL;DR - uncle has chronic depression and diabetes, delusions and hallucinations and can’t look after himself. My cousin is being given by him a large portion of his pension a week despite never bothering with him until he became ill. He’s also leaving the house to her."|phoenixagencyx|False|https://redd.it/ekemm3|2|0.75|0|4|1|relationships
ekeluz|2020-01-05 15:48:01|I never see him|"I’m a 36 yo divorced mother with 50/50 custody of my son. I started seeing a guy about 3 months ago (also 36) who I really reaaaally like. When I say 3 months out loud it blows my mind because it feels like triple that. We hit it off quickly. His personal life is unique and he has to live with his parents. His father has alzheimers, cancer, and heart issues and is not doing well. His mother cannot take care of his father alone and depends A LOT on him. She also refuses to hire help or take advantage of any programs that would provide nursing. He pays their bills, makes their dinner most nights, and does everything for them. He is the youngest of 4 but receives little to no help from his siblings as they are geographically scattered and seem to think it’s his burden since he is unmarried with no kids. Right around Christmas, he also found out that his sister will likely not make it to summer as she has advanced breast cancer and hospice has gotten involved. It’s just one thing after another with this poor guy.

As someone who has a dependent and it is still too early for me to introduce him to my son, I understand that our time together will be somewhat limited. I also completely support his obligations to his family and his demanding job. I try to be a shoulder for him and a sounding board and have an encouraging attitude. I have offered help anytime he needs it and try to say and do nice things to ease his stress.

When we are together, the connection is amazing. We are comfortable with each other and feel like we can truly be ourselves. He is affectionate, caring, and completely present when he is with me. I forget the world when we’re together. The problem is, the most demanding work days for him are Mondays and Tuesdays, which are my kid free nights. So if we do make tentative plans, I usually end up disappointed because he has to bail for some work requirement. On Wednesday and Thursday evenings though, he is always able to hang out with his best friend or is home doing nothing. It really bums me out because I feel like his free time and availability conveniently fall when I have my son. I miss him all the time. I am kid free every other weekend, so we try to do stuff then, but over the holidays, he couldn’t make time for me as his family was in town and things with his parents and sister weren’t great. I have seen him once for a couple hours in almost a month. When we text, he is very hot and cold. Sometimes very open, others very flat and short. He tells me he is “all in” with me and not going anywhere and that things will get better. I try not to put more pressure on him than he is already dealing with. But, I am so lonely and feel like I am begging for his time. I worry if I don’t make plans or ask him for his time, it won’t happen because of all his other demands.

I really need some encouragement or suggestions here. I don’t want to lose him but I need a little more for my own happiness. Any unique ideas or encouragement are more than welcomed.

tl;dr I never see my caregiving boyfriend. Help!"|Mindless-Appointment|False|https://redd.it/ekeluz|2|0.75|0|7|1|relationships
ekhmux|2020-01-05 19:23:10|I had my first break up and I'm not sure how to deal with it|"I \[24m\] was just dumped over the phone by my ex-gf \[21f\] and it wasn't nice. 

We dated for 2 months, which is not long, but it was the first time both of us experienced what a relationship felt like. Throughout the relationship, I was the one who was always pushing her to do courageous things when we went out of dates. And I truly felt that I meant something to her. We both enjoyed our company and affections, but I always felt that she avoided expressing her insecurities to me in person. 

Our first bump in the road came when she told me that I like her only for her looks. I explained myself on the phone, but she completely ignored that. We stopped communicating for a week until I met with her in class and talked to her properly. She told me that we couldn't meet outside of university, but I managed to convince her to meet in person. 

I left the country a while back to meet with my family during Christmas vacations. A day before my flight we had a passionate date and she told me that she would miss me. Due to certain reasons, I told her beforehand that I won't be able to contact her for a couple of days during my vacation (had a surgery), but I told her to call me if it was a problem. During my vacation, I could feel her distancing herself from me, judging from the lack of texts and calls. But it was fine. I contacted her after the surgery, and she told me she wanted to break up. I asked why, and  I was very frustrated that she brought this crap up when I was out of the country. She told me that we could never be married and she wanted her first man to be her husband. She felt that she was getting too attached to me and she wanted us to be friends. 

I was like fine, we will talk about this in person once I come back. I was like let's continue our relationship the way it was and we'll break up properly when we meet. One thing I forgot to mention was that I told her beforehand when we on a certain date, that if we had to break up, I would always do it with you in person. I found it immature and disrespectful to your partner to break up on text. 

Anyways, one fine day I got a text from her asking if I was ok. I sent her a flirtatious remark which she ignored. I asked why did she ask that. She told me she was concerned about me. I told her there was nothing to worry about, I'm fine. We continued the chat until I lost my cool and started questioning her whether she liked the way I liked her, etc. She was like it was just fun for you too. I was like yes, but some moments were special. Anyway, I ended the conversation with her by telling her that there was a time and a place for this discussion and now is not the time. The next day I woke up, and she blocked me on WhatsApp. And there's the end of that. 

I just don't understand why would she do this. Something so rude and immature. She was never rude to me in person. It's been almost 2 weeks and it still bothers me. How do I deal with this? Do I text her after a month from another number telling her how I felt? I feel like I need that. I need to let her know how it felt to me.

Tl;dr: She blocked me, I don't know what to do."|fallin4|False|https://redd.it/ekhmux|0|0.5|0|8|1|relationships
ejzzae|2020-01-04 18:03:41|My (F19) boyfriend (M20) gave up on me and now I've fallen apart|"We go to universities near eachother but live very far away. We've been dating for a while (8 months) but since being at home (for the holidays- so temporarily) he dropped majority of contact. At uni we would call for 10-15 mins at least every other day as we could only see eachother at some weekends, and this was totally fine. But since coming home I obviously haven't seen him once and over the last few weeks he only had time to call me twice and messaging had been very intermittent and disinterested. I tried everything j could to fix it and we had small arguments 3/4 times all ending with him telling me he was trying his best, but k don't think that is his best, and if it is, it's not good enough. I brought it up again and he said there was nothing he could do, he didn't tell me of there was something taking up all his time since coming home and I said fine if you don't have time for me I'll treat you the same, so I stopped chasing and we didn't talk for a week or so. New year went with no conversation and I reached out again saying 2020 wouldn't be the year id love him or anyone else over myself and he had to choose whether I was worth the time of day. He said no. I reached out to his closest friend who I really respect and he spoke to him to check he was ok and he (friend) doesn't understand why he just switched off instead of stepping up. I was in an abusive relationship for years and it's dredging up so many awful feelings of worthlessness and isolation and loving someone who's hurting you and stopped feeling the same way. I'm hurting so badly and I want him back and to just treat me like he wants me but he doesn't. I don't have any friends he was my only support because I have severe anxiety and I'm really struggling to talk to people, so now I feel like the only person in the world.

Sorry for the rant I have no one I can talk to

TL;Dr my healthy relationship crumbled following temporary distance because my bf gave up and no longer wanted me which ripped my heart out"|pocketcamper314|False|https://redd.it/ejzzae|98|0.92|0|26|1|relationships
ekbvyx|2020-01-05 11:28:29|Finances in relationships/close friendships|"So I (f29) pay my mate (m 35) £300/month to live at his place. This doesn’t include food etc that i buy and anything I do buy, including general groceries and food, laundry stuff etc , is always treated as ‘ours’ ie he will eat it as well. I have a small dog and he has a large working breed. I pay for both these too. He never offers me money for when I’ve Elsie for his dog to be groomed etc it’s always me that picks up the tab. I am on minimum wage barely earning 1200 a month and he earns a 5 figure salary each month. Yep that’s right each *month*. I have agreed to pay this amount as he suggested and don’t expect to live or have anything for free. Paying is not my issue. 
However I said I will set up a bank transfer each month and he said no I want the cash. I said well then i have no proof I have ever paid anything and that I want a receipt or paper trail to show where it’s gone and that I have paid him rent. He also spends al LOT of money on alcohol and weed. I just want it for my own protection that’s all. How do I prove that I’ve been paying it when he could just turn around and say I haven’t? He isn’t then best person with money and and don’t want him to be able to say I haven’t paid when I have. Hence me preferring to DD it via the bank.  
Id this an unreasonable request? I’m been financially screwed over before by people and am not about to let it happen again.  

Tl;dr - i pay my friend rent as I live at his place. I assumed (and said)  it would be bank transfer each month and he said no and insisted on cash. I don’t like this as then there is no proof I’ve ever paid."|SilkieChicken87|False|https://redd.it/ekbvyx|4|1.0|0|9|1|relationships
eke6f1|2020-01-05 15:13:52|My [28M] Depression Improves, I Feel More Awake... And Things With Her [24F] Get Worse. What To Do?|"This is a question about our relationship of 2 years. Also asked r/relationship_advice. Here goes...

I've been coming out of a long, numbing depression for the past six months, really getting my career on track. Especially in the last two months, I've been reconnecting with my old hobbies and routines—art, exercise, spirituality. Over these two months, I've felt more awake to my experience and my own values. At the same time things get better in my own life, things deteriorate in our relationship: I'm finding that I relate less and less to my girlfriend of two years. As I relate less, there's been a loss of respect/affection for her own values, qualities, actions, etc. Especially over the past two months.

(By contrast, things were really great in our relationship when I was more disconnected from my life and she was the biggest thing in it.)

Yesterday, I told her I could no longer see us together long-term... that while things were ""fine"" a lot of the time, I wasn't happy in the relationship. She pleaded with me, wanting more time to work on it. We've been semi long distance for the three months (her 1 hour away, we'd see each other 3/4 days of the week), and she said it was that, not us.

I know this stuff takes work, but is this something that can even be worked on?

TL;DR I've been changing a lot for the better and it's created a distance in our relationship

What should I do?"|throwRAshmoRA|False|https://redd.it/eke6f1|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ek3cmj|2020-01-04 22:09:04|I (31F) don't know if I want to continue my marriage with husband (40M).|"Throwaway account. 

Been married almost 11 years, 3 kids. 1 from a prior relationship I had. Husband has some mental health struggles, as do I, but refuses to do anything about it. He was in counseling for a short time, but won't go back. Went to get on medication, lasted a week. This has been an ongoing issue for most of our marriage. For a very long time, I just stayed positive and tried to cheer everyone up. I can't do that anymore. The negativity is wearing me down. He comes home from work already in a bad mood, blows up over every little thing. Says he's trying to work on it, but whatever changes he claims have been made are so small I'm not noticing them. With my child from the previous relationship, they escalate almost every interaction from 0-60 in seconds. Oh he said a word or did something you didn't like? Slap his mouth, puff out your chest and scream at him until he's hysterical because you think you're right. 

I was always a big ""don't undermine each other in front of the kids, be united."" I can't even do that anymore. I absolutely will shut him down immediately without a second thought because he's out of control. He immediately gets apologetic and beats himself up for being a terrible parent, but then an hour later is back at it. 

He constantly says ""I don't have time"" if I tell him to spend time with us, or go do something. If we do get out of the house he'll be sullen and stressed the whole time because he won't stop fixating on what needs to be taken care of at home. We visit family, most of the time he hides himself away and won't socialize. It makes us feel unloved and unwanted. But then he thinks I should just be able to have sex with him when he's ready for some attention, and gets pouty when I tell him he's pushed me away emotionally for weeks and I can't just be turned on when it's convenient for him. 

I've warned him that I need to see him actively working on how he interacts with me and the kids, but he ""doesn't have time"". His famous line. I'm in therapy myself to try and better myself. I'm absolutely not perfect either, but I feel like I'm trying to hold everything together and the weight is starting to feel like more than I can bear. 

I don't want to be miserable anymore. But I don't know what to do. I feel stuck. My kids deserve better than this. I don't know if it can be fixed though. I don't even know if I have a question, just advice I guess. What do I do? Do I continue encouraging him to get help? 


TL;DR! husband never has time for us, won't continue getting help with mental issues, is a jerk to my oldest almost every day and it's affecting me and the kids to the point of no return. Don't know where to go from here."|anonymice33|False|https://redd.it/ek3cmj|45|0.87|0|37|1|relationships
ekjxkk|2020-01-05 22:16:59|I (24m) broke up with my gf (23f) after seven years and immediately met someone else - now I am stuck on an emotional rollercoaster ride|"Recently I broke up with my girlfriend after being together with her for more than 7 1/2 years. I was just constantly thinking about other women. Given that I never had sex with anybody else in my life, I wanted to explore what else this planet has to offer to me. Being a tall guy in a student city I didn't really have had problems finding ""alternatives"", gosh, I even met another beautiful girl (22f) that I could imagine having a serious relationship with and it is going great.

Of course, the urge to explore wasn't the only reason why I left my ex, but it was the most dominant one. An inevitable far distance relationship, different life goals, and reduced physical attraction were other reasons. Still, she never did anything to deserve this and literally is the sweetest girl there could be. 

Now my life is a constant rollercoaster ride; one day I am happy, totally convinced I made the right decision and ready to start it off with the new acquaintance, the next day I am depressed, thinking about my ex all day, unable to concentrate and feeling guilty about how I made her feel.

TLDR: I left my long-time gilrfriend because I felt the need to explore other possibilities and immediately met another girl I really like. One day I am convinced my decision was right, the next I urgently want to get my ex-girlfriend back.

Has anybody else maneuvered him/herself in a similar situation? How did it turn out? Was leaving her a mistake, shall I try to undo it before it is finally too late? Shall I wait to be certain, and if yes, for how long? Could the other relationship with the new girl work out?"|throwawayinsomnia150|False|https://redd.it/ekjxkk|0|0.38|0|5|1|relationships
ekgt9q|2020-01-05 18:25:33|Boyfriend doesn’t seem to care about our one year|"This is my longest relationship and it’s his longest ‘proper’ one but he had been with another person for 2 years previously however it was when he was 14-16 so doesn’t really count as proper. It’s our 1 year in February and he suggested saving together and going on holiday for it but I don’t have a job at the moment (I’m looking and applying but would have enough money for the holiday without one anyways) so it’s not 100% going to happen but then he said that he’s wanting to plan a lads holiday in May so he probably won’t have enough money to go on holiday with me or celebrate our anniversary. Am I dumb for getting upset over this? I know it’s just one year but I’ve been so excited making plans for it and it’s just so disheartening to then hear that we probably won’t do anything, so he can then go on holiday with friends?

Tl;dr - boyfriend says we might not do anything for our one year because he’s wanting to save money to plan a lads holiday"|Fitbitchgoals|False|https://redd.it/ekgt9q|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ekjpad|2020-01-05 22:00:00|How do I [18m] convince my mother [59f] to get rid of several pieces of old furniture and objects that clutter our house?|"TL;DR: How do I curb my mother's hoarder-ish tendencies?

I'm a college student who lives with my parents during break. I'm very thankful to have such loving parents who support me (especially because they're paying for my college), but we have a problem.

My house is old (~1940s) and getting run down. However, we make the best with what we have. My parents are very frugal people, but my mother has an issue that borders on hoarding. 

We have several pieces of furniture from the 1950s that she has picked up over time. The issue is that my room has been decided as the storage space. There's an un-used, deconstructed bedframe in the corner as well as a secretary desk. 

The main issue is the desk, which I find to be totally un-usable. It is uncomfortable to sit at, ugly, and can't house a PC due to its shape. Simply put, it was designed for a different time. We actually have a newer, sleeker desk that I would like to use elsewhere in my house. The issue is that we would have to get rid of the secretary, which my mom refuses to do. She has a delusion that after I move out my room will be turned into an AirBNB so that the family can make more money. And all the antique furniture will be used to furnish my room for that.

To be blunt, no one would want to spend time in such a room. Our location is also totally inappropriate for an AirBNB. My father [60m] agrees with me on all counts (the AirBNB being unrealistic, the fact that we should throw away this furniture), but my mother becomes very unhappy when I talk about throwing it away.

Additionally, there are several useless nick-nacks from the 1970s/80s, as well as her children's childhoods, that she refuses to throw out. She complains about our house being messy/cluttered, but her issue with throwing these objects away makes up 80% of the problem.

I just want to be able to decorate my room how I see fit (in fact, I'm buying paint and painting my room by myself later this week), but her insistence on retaining the furniture makes that impossible. Furthermore, I feel like if this problem isn't nipped in the bud, my mother could subject my dad to increasingly hoarder-ish tendencies as the two enter their sunset years. 

Simply put, how do I convince my mother to let go of all this stuff?"|henry_darger|False|https://redd.it/ekjpad|0|0.25|0|4|1|relationships
ekglhp|2020-01-05 18:10:08|I (25/f) caught my boyfriend (25) lying|"To give some background, my boyfriend and I have been together for 7 months now. 

Hi reddit, 
I'm hoping to find some insight as to what just happened this weekend. 
It had all begun on Thursday last week. When I was leaving my boyfriends place on Thursday, he told me that on Saturday he is going to be going out with his family. To which I had replied ""yeah no problem"". I am not too sure why, but when my boyfriend told me that, my gut was acting up and telling me that something was up (I do have a mild anxiety but this felt a bit different). 

Saturday comes along. I am at work and I decide to call my boyfriend to ask how he is doing (I'll usually call him during my break or he would call/text me). No answer. I decided to text and say ""hey just wanted to check up with you and see if you're doing well. Enjoy the time with your family when you go out"". I was not aware when will he be seeing his family so I told myself that he probably isn't answering because he is with them. There was no reply to my messages or to my texts until about 3 hours after. I was done with work, so I decided to call him again. This time he answered and he told me ""hey! Just got out of the shower. Was going to call you"" but the way he sounded was as if he had just woken up from a nap or a sleep (I'm assuming people know how their s.o sounds like in different times). 
I said ""no problem"" and began asking how his day was ? And whether he enjoyed his time with his family. At this point, it all began to sound odd. His answers were very vague and short (something my boyfriend doesn't do when he goes out) and were straight to the point. I asked if his brother joined him (because he never did and I was aware that his family is sad when he doesn't join them) and he said ""yeah we were both playing with the little cousins"". The conversation ended there and I was home about to shower. 

I have his brother on my Instagram and we will talk sometimes. Recently I've been asking him for favours to purchase things from a website because he has a discount and I decided to ask whether he had a good time at the family lunch. He told me ""I did not go because I had work"". And this point I was super confused and slightly weirded out. I said ""oh you didnt?"" And he said ""no work came up and my family went by themselves"" I asked ""well maybe hopefully (my bf name) filled the hole"" and his answer was ""I'm not too sure if he went either"". By this point I was even more weirded out. 

Late in the evening my boyfriend grandmother messaged me and asked me if I enjoyed her potatoe patties. (I am quiet close with his family so these conversations are normal) and I said yeah  and I decided to ask her about lunch on Saturday. She said ""it was good. I wish (my bf name) and (his brother) could have come"". Now it was turning even more weird. 

The worse part of this whole scenario is my boyfriend calling me in the evening to talk to me before bed (after talking to his grandmother) and telling me he felt bad for making me feel bad that he didnt answer my phone/text messages because he was with his family. When all I did was tell him that I was slightly worried because I didnt hear from him for 3 hours. I felt slightly gaslighted... and I am not too sure whether that's the term. But I could not believe that he was there talking to me on the phone and saying that to me when I had already knew the truth. 

I don't know what to do. Should I confront him? Should I just send him a text message saying we wont work out? Should I try to figure out why he had even lied about that. I dont know where he was or what he was doing that day until in the evening time. 

Thank you for the long read. 

TLDR: I caught my boyfriend lying through talking with his brother and his grandmother who had told me the truth."|trowawayaccount48|False|https://redd.it/ekglhp|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ekgioz|2020-01-05 18:04:24|How can I [25M] better trust my wife [27F] when she has no reason not to be trusted?|"Hi /r/relationships. I am writing on behalf of my own inability to trust and want to feel content and stabile in my relationship. My wife and I have been married since September of 2018 but we have been together since March of 2007(I was 12 and she was 13). We have had our ups and downs of our relationship but I absolutely adore her and I’d like to think she feels the same about me. 

The only cheating that has ever happened in our relationship, to my knowledge, is her kissing a guy when I was 16. I don’t know if this was what is still lingering over our relationship but genuinely I forgave her. 

I seriously have a problem trusting her, when she doesn’t deserve it. Any time I see her typing on her phone I have to ask who she’s talking to. Every time she calls out of work I have to ask if she’s going to have someone over etc.

I also always think she has a thing for my friends. When we’re not together I’m always watching my friends locations on Snapchat making sure they’re not with my wife. I also have really low self worth and self esteem. I feel crazy even sharing this information with anyone.

I have deep set mental health issues that are being treated by a psychiatrist. I am currently not seeing a therapist because the one I was seeing left and I’m waiting to be reassigned. 

Again, **I am not looking for sympathy and am completely aware I am in the wrong**. I seriously feel like I can’t trust her and she doesn’t deserve it. I am looking for tips and things I can do to improve for both myself, and more importantly, my wife.

**TL;DR**: I have bad self esteem issues and am unable to completely trust my wife when she has no reason not to be trusted. I am looking for ways to be a better husband because she deserves much better"|Ruidan|False|https://redd.it/ekgioz|0|0.5|0|6|1|relationships
ekgi09|2020-01-05 18:03:10|Letting him go - Me( 32f) with a married man (40m)|"I (32f) fell in love with him (40m) while he was married. He fell in love with me too. We were far away from our respective universes in a place where we found comfort in each other. It was a brief 1 year hiatus that a bunch of us took from our respective lives - a retreat of sorts. Before some of you get upset about him cheating on his wife, let me set the record straight - I agree it wasn't the most righteous thing to do but we couldn't help it. If it makes us weak people, then so be it. It was a one year stint that we both engaged in after which we parted ways. We never committed to each other but we spent hours with each other talking endlessly about so many things under the sun. We would sleep next to each other everyday with his long arms embracing me and I would lose myself in that moment. It was a beautiful relationship with little to do with sex and more about the companionship. It has been almost 10 months since I last saw him but not a single day has passed that I have not thought about him. I miss him and it hurts. I think about him all the time. I created accounts on several dating sites but have deleted them all. I feel like dating sites are superficial and I'll never be able to find such deep love on dating apps. I feel like he's irreplaceable. I never expected him to leave his wife for me. So I don't hold any grudges against him. In fact, I don't want to get in the way of their marriage. If he wants to leave her, I want him to leave her on his own accord. I want nothing to do with that. But I am also unable to move on in the hope that he will leave her one day and come looking for me. I can see time slipping through my fingers and I don't want to lose my precious time thinking about a love that is maybe unattainable. How do I get over him? Please help!

&#x200B;

TL;DR! - Unable to move on from what I think was the love of my life, which is now over. Please help!"|Majestic-Librarian|False|https://redd.it/ekgi09|0|0.4|0|11|1|relationships
ekgf9n|2020-01-05 17:58:15|Inexperienced teen with relationship troubles|"Hi everyone! I am a nineteen year old dude from Sweden in my first serious relationship right now. We have been together for around 4 months and are both quite new at this thing.

 Yesterday when we were in bed she started having an anxiety attack and I asked her what was up. Due to childhood trauma she has a lot of issues talking about her problems and what she feels at times, so I asked her to write a text instead describing what was up.

After a period of time I got the text (which was really courageous of her to write, she has issues with these types of things and it makes me very glad that she feels comfortable enough with me that she could share it).

In it she wrote that she likes me a lot, that she feels comfortable with me and that I make her very happy, but that she is confused about what she wants us to be. She said that lately she has felt uncomfortable having sex with me due to these doubts and her not knowing whether she looks at me in a romantic way or something else, and that she cant ""decide"" which is very hard on her because she then feels that she is lying to me and to herself, and it she tells me she will feel one way or another.

We talked a bit about it, and I told her that doubts in a relationship is something that is totally normal and we both agreed to refrain from sex for a while so that she could work these things out. We have still slept together and been together much of the time since then, and we still kiss and say I love you and such things and nothing much has really changed, except me knowing what she is going through and me telling her that she can always talk to me and that I love her very much.

She also told me that she has had this issue in relationships in the past but hasn't told anyone, which ultimately made the relationships fail, but she told me and that makes me feel like she values me and wants me to know so that we can work on it together.

After she told me this, we started making out and had some of the best sex we have ever had with both me and her coming, even though we said that we would take a paus. I was not the one initiating this and I asked her several times if she really wanted to due to the things she just brought up and what we agreed on, but she said she wanted to.

We talked a bit in the morning about this and she told me that she has issues with sharing stuff like this because of her relationship with her dad who can be very aggressive, and this has lead to her only relying on herself. She told me that she gets very anxious about these thoughts because it makes her feel like she cant trust herself, which is the only person she has been able to trust in the past.

So my question is just, these kinds if feelings are normal in a relationship right? I know both she and me wants to work through this and I know we both love each other, but it's just hard seeing her go through this and it makes me feel a bit bad. Is there anything you guys would recommend me talking with her about or something?

TL;DR 

Girlfriend of four months is confused about our relationship, whether she wants it to be romantic or not which is very hard on her and me and I'm wondering whether these feelings are normal and how to talk with her about it, since we are both not so experienced.

All the best, Moomin"|CountMoominTheSwede|False|https://redd.it/ekgf9n|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ekbawv|2020-01-05 10:17:57|6 month relationship that probably was never going to work just ended and I'm [34m] still sad|"
TL;DR

I had a 6 months relationship with someone who was everything you could wish for in a partner (emotionally), but we had too little in common and couldn't find our mode of being together. I'm sad despite the fact that I knew this was going to end.



Not sure this belongs here, but feel the need to share.

Around May I started seeing a girl [25F] I had met through tinder. Before that I had several things going on at the same time and did not commit to anyone in a while. As were the women I was dating in the past years. I had one 5 year relationship from 21 thru 25. I'm adopted and have some issues in relationships with women that boil down to fear of being hurt. (This is not an excuse. I'm aware of these patterns in my behavior and try to break them. Often I still respond very impulsively and stand in my own way.) And through tinder and living in a big city, I guess I found my way of least effort in casual things that don't last longer than a few months. On top of emotional issues, I do triathlons and train pretty much every day after work. So this schedule also pragmatically sometimes prevents me from truly embracing a relationship. I often have to build my schedule around this, which is of course also taxing for friends or women sometimes.

Anyways, when I met her, I remember thinking how different she was from the last women I had dated before her. She came from a 5 year relationship and despite having recently separated, she wasn't really looking for something casual. (We met through tinder.) I'm generally very confident in social settings, but not when it comes to a potential partner. After 3-4 dates (we still hadn't had sex), I felt the urge to ask her where this was going. I guess I have to control my expectations to not be hurt if I like someone. I can't remember her exact words, but do remember the way she responded really hurt me, because she didn't want to or see relevant to discuss the question at that point. She knew that I had had a lot of casual things before her and didn't understand why I would ask her this. That led to me cooling off and after a while telling her that I didn't feel like we had what it took to take it to another level... What contributed to this was that me having studied and lived abroad, travelled and now working in a US tech company here in Germany and her having lived and studied in the same place led a vastly different lifestyle which of course also shaped our goals, ideals, ideologies, hobbies, type of friends etc. I sometimes perceived her as ""small minded"" which I attributed to her upbringing in a small suburb, her living with her parents and having very few people she does things with. And the fact that she never broke out of her routine, because she was either studying or working. I don't want to sound arrogant, I just felt a difference between her and the people I mostly surround myself with. For example when I sometimes talked to female colleagues, I wondered why I felt more at home in that conversation vs the ones I had with my partner. On the human side, she was pure gold. Someone who could make you feel warm and loved and who'd try to make you feel good. I have problems doing that, because I often don't express my emotions toward a woman for fear of getting rejected.

Fast forward a couple of months and we're still ""together"", she has met some of my closest friends and it's generally running mostly smoothly. Of course my schedule is an issue for her who still studied and has much more free time. We haven't discussed or determined the status of our ""thing"" again, but I assumed that we were together, because she always used to say that she doesn't need more than one person and that she can't understand the trend in dating to have several (sexual) partners. She knew this had been my past, but I always reassured her that she was the only one for me at the time. 

One Sunday I come back from Mountainbiking and see her holding hands with another guy in the city center completely by accident. I was shattered and confronted her right on the spot with tears in my eyes. I remember her reaction still: ""I thought this is what you wanted?"" She had lied to me about her weekend plans for the previous weekend and that one, both of which she had spent with that person. And it wasn't so much the fact that she had seen someone else (we never said we are 100% together), but that she had explicitly lied to me several times around this time.

After this had happened I saw two choices. Give in to my hurt ego and never see her again or give us a chance. Remember, that I had had doubts about how well we matched based on our world views and general way of life... We spoke and I gave her another chance (this is not to sound like I had moral high ground). But after these ups and downs it was never the same. I guess she had always been looking for a more traditional type of relationship where everything revolves around the couple. And for me freedom is super important as well as feeling drawn to someone intellectually and spiritually.

I never got to grips with the fact that we only had few interests in common and barely had deep conversations except when discussing the two of us. I had tried to get her into yoga or swimming or hiking so that we could do things together, but she was mostly hesitant for fear I would be too much focused on myself and not see it as a joint activity. So in months of talking about it she never once joined for yoga or swimming. On my part there was always this fear that it wasn't enough and she felt that. She voiced it a couple of times, but I guess deep inside we both knew that we weren't the ones for each other. Our chemistry was there, but intellectually and emotionally we struggled from the beginning to create that bond. 

Coming back to more recent events: In the past weeks I lost two grandparents and at some point I felt that she had distanced herself so much that I sought consolation in other people. I can't recall the past weeks exactly, but I guess we had decided to give each other some space to reevaluate the whole thing. Yesterday I told her that I would like to see her, because I truly missed her. But she refused and said that she now wanted to focus more on herself and what she wanted from a relationship. Although I know that it's probably better for both of us, I am deeply sad that I lost such a warm and kind person. Despite the fact that intellectually and spiritually we didn't really fit that well, she was there during the past half a year and it's been a very long time since I last allowed myself to open up so much to a woman. I also feel a bit guilty for finding reasons to reject a woman based on seemingly superficial parameters when I feel good around her and am convinced that she is a good hearted and caring person."|spontimo|False|https://redd.it/ekbawv|5|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
ekbaeq|2020-01-05 10:16:20|Time for a change ?|"Hey Reddit, how we all doing


I [19M] have been dating my SO [20F] for 2 years now, and the last 1.5 years has been long distance at different universities. She’s so sweet, with the purest intentions. And goofy. I used to love her goofiness, but that and other v particular traits of hers now annoy me more than anything. 

It’s my first relationship so I don’t know how long you should keep going in a situation like this. I do still find her attractive and everything, but I find myself very attracted to other girls quite often. I know I sound like a dick, but the more I fight those urges, the stronger they come back.

We were planning on being together till at least this summer at the very least, as I go on my year abroad in October. She has intentions well beyond then, but I just don’t know if I can make it that long. I find myself thinking about her occasionally when I wake up but in a way like ‘oh I’ve got to text her good morning AGAIN’ and that repetition is really boring me.

Like I said, I’m young and inexperienced, should I just ask for a break from my relationship when it gets to a breaking point, or should I grow up and try and make it work as she’s a great gf? 

TL;DR- Been long distance with my gf for 1.5 years now, her particular traits now annoy me more than anything, she’s amazing but i don’t if I need a break or something more"|PannaPower|False|https://redd.it/ekbaeq|4|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ek1fc9|2020-01-04 19:49:14|My [26F] bf [28M] does not meet me outside of work anymore.|"Me and my bf have been together for 3 years and work in the same company. I recently moved to the same floor in our building as his and pretty much work the same shift. And so we started carpooling. This started in November. Ever since then we haven't gone out on a date even once. We went to watch the new star wars movie but that was it. 

There are no problems between us. In fact things have been great. I really enjoy our ride to and fro work together. Its just every weekend he only has plans with his friends or family. And at first I didn't care because our work is pretty hectic and we get very little in terms of personal time. And he hasn't met his friends in a very long time as well becasue of work commitments and all of their schedules. But now its really starting to bother me. I miss being intimate with him and going out with him. 

We spend close to 40 hours a week together as friends and co workers.. but not much in terms of a couple. Am I being too needy or is my disappointment justified? I dont want to bring this up with him if this me being irrational.

TL;DR bf and I recently started spending a lot of time together at work and now we no longer seem to have a personal life. How do I fix it?"|theeternalskeptic|False|https://redd.it/ek1fc9|56|0.88|0|26|1|relationships
ekg1dk|2020-01-05 17:31:19|My [23M] Friend/Crush [23F] cancelled on the group because someone messaged the wrong hours two days before the meet up|"For context, she saved my life from suicide, and I had a crush on her since she started serving in the army with me. She knows very well how I feel, she said it won't happen because she only dates men around 30 because she feels like she's mentally 30, which in my opinion, is wrong, considering how she reacted, but I guess maturity might seem subjective here depending on what we think matters most.

I've been trying to set up this meetup of ex-soldiers for over two months now, which required intense assertiveness and action from me, such that I've never ever bothered doing.

Well, it was supposed to be tomorrow, and the majority have agreed to meet up. My friend that I'm talking about lives a hour and 20 minutes away from the location we agreed upon.

So 2 days before the meet up, I check the weather, see that it's going to be sunny with no rain, send her a pic because the weather being good was a lucky guess and it would rain on all the other days, and she seemed still cool with the meet up, we laughed, sent a few jokes/memes, all good and fun... THEN, LITERALLY THE NEXT MINUTE, someone got the hour wrong in the whatsapp group (9-10, insterad of 8), she lashed out, and quit the group after saying that she isn't coming.

The hour we initially agreed upon was actually 8, but I didn't even have enough to time to mention that before she quit. I talk to her almost daily and this made me flip my shit. No matter how much I crushed on her this infuriated me.

I told her that I'll arrive at 8 and will attempt to ask others to come as well, and that she was right about the meet up being originally at 8. She said she doesn't have the strength anymore, that the group is irresponsible, and that she doesn't feel like coming to a group she isn't connected to (is literally connected to more than 75% of the people there). I told her she's surprising me by being the anti-social one, and that she could've been a lot more nicer about it. I also said ""well, happy birthday to me"", and I admit, it was because I was hurt, and I was really looking forward to finally meeting again.

NEXT MORNING \[I might be the asshole here\]:

\-------------------------------------------------

I woke up and lashed out a bit more. Saying that it's illogical that she wouldn't cancel if no one mentioned the number ""9"", so I thought it might've been an out. I told her how this is what I meant when I said she's pushing others away, how she won't go back on her words due to pride, and asked her if that's what she expected from other 30 year olds. Told her I wouldn't mind still seeing her there if she changed her mind.

She recorded messages where she got extremely mad, I cut off the connection because I wanted to listen in peace, forgetting people can delete them, as she tried, but I already started listening before I understood that. She said I have no right to criticize her actions. That she IS more mature than all the others, and that I shouldn't dare to expect her to be there after criticizing and wrongfully analyzing her like that as if I'm her boyfriend.

I responded by saying that I didn't try act like her boyfriend, that I only tried to do more than what most would try and help even though I'm not your friend, let alone someone you even personally meet (we did meet each other as soldiers, and I thought we were good friends, but seems like it was fake, maybe), that I didn't have to criticize, and that a normal person would just say goodbye or ignore her entirely. - quite mean from me.

She responded saying that she's sorry if she hurt me, but she doesn't have time to stop her life for this meet up. ""There, got your answer?"".

I did let out a small weep of a message by responding: ""I guess this means giving up on meeting physically again"", she responded by asking ""what do I want from her"", and I told her that I got my answer. She told me ""happy birthday"", and I said ""thanks"".............................................................................................................................................................................................................. (2 minutes later)

""All I wanted was to see you again"". - And this is where I'm even more confused:

Her: I wanted to come just for you, Roman, but I don't work this way and won't even attempt to convince myself after you criticizing me like that. Who do you all think you are?

Me: ""So you wanted for me but gave up because of someone else. I might've been wrong but my intent wasn't to destroy, only to repair, but I can't do that when it's a one-sided attempt.""

And then, we went back and forth on how she said she isn't coming, how I said ""alright, you already said so, why are you repeating yourself"", she then said that me continuing to argue only makes her to come even less, and I responded by saying that she already said that there's no way that she's coming, so she asked why I'm still arguing about it, so I told her I hoped there's still a chance, so she responded by saying: ""So let's go off this subject and talk about it tomorrow, alright?"". I agreed, I send a single picture when I arrive at my new work place because of something funny that I've seen there, she gets amused.

What the fuck happened here? Did I step too low? This is the fourth or fifth time she does something out of the blue like that. And what's with the final exchange? She did say she isn't coming after all, am I misunderstanding, is she being silly? I can only believe that we're both being stupid here.

tl;dr My friend cancelled on the whole group two days before a meet up because someone didn't write the right time on Whatsapp. She quit the group, and I lashed out on her for being immature and too impulsive. Am I missing something?"|Romantithesis|False|https://redd.it/ekg1dk|0|0.33|0|9|1|relationships
ekfr1e|2020-01-05 17:11:02|Dating a younger man who wishes i didn’t have a daughter.|"Single mother with preteen daughter

I [33F] have been dating a younger partner [25M] for 8 months now. We were casual for the first couple of months then decided on monogamy. We had a rough time making this work because of our differences in expectations for each other. We seem to now be in a place where we both want to stay together for the foreseeable future. We are in love. However, my daughter[10F] and I both know we want him to know FOR SURE he wants to be a part of our lives long term in order to feel safe( like not upset easily or feeling of not being connected with him). I am a full time single parent and I homeschool, so my daughter is with me almost all the time. My boyfriend talks to me and says he wants babies with me and he can’t imagine not being with me- but he can’t imagine living with my daughter. He says he could do it if it were just me. Obviously this is not the reality- it’s me and my daughter. He says it’s a timing thing...He doesn’t want to leave me, but it seems he hasn’t fully accepted my daughter, and I want him to. He’s open about wanting to make sure she feels good about us being together, but he still clearly has resistance to her being a real part of his life.

I believe waiting for him to change or to break up with him are my only options and I don’t feel good about waiting or wanting someone to be different- I suffer when I do this. I don’t know if breaking up with him now opens up possibilities for someone who is ready to be in a committed relationship with me and accept me being a parent is the right thing to do- or if waiting it out as he says is the way to go. He says he needs more time and I believe him. I just don’t know if after this time he needs he’ll even be in the place I want him to be or if it will take to long and I’ll be unhappy along the way waiting. 

Feedback( like ways you can relate or similar stories with conclusions) are welcome in the comments 
no advise please.

TL;DR
My boyfriend of 8 months [25M] won’t accept that I am a full time single parent[33F]of a kid[10F]. He wants more time to do so. He is committed in his way and we are monogamous. I want more- I want the family and don’t want to wait for him to accept that I live life differently and want a partner who can be around my child often. He says it’s a timing thing and he needs more time. I’m Not sure if waiting it out and giving him More time is the right thing to do- or if letting him go and moving on for me and my daughter is the best option. Maybe there’s someone out there who is willing to accept my situation as is."|stalkgatherfreewitch|False|https://redd.it/ekfr1e|0|0.4|0|14|1|relationships
ekad3f|2020-01-05 08:25:48|Does anyone else have a confusing crush?|"need advice for my confusing love life

hello strangers, 

i’m currently dealing with a really confusing situation right now. i have a crush (we’ll call him bob) on a guy (17m) from my rival school and we’ve been best friends for about a year now. both of us are juniors right now, and are in the band within our own high schools. we met at a clinic during our middle school years. sometimes, we see eachother in real life and we hangout for awhile, and it’s the best. mostly, me (17f) and bob (17m) text though. 

bob (17m) use to be in a relationship, but the relationship was very toxic, and boom they broke up with each other. after waiting a few weeks i decided to confess to bob. he (17m) said he felt the same! we had a thing going on by constantly being flirty and saying “i love/ miss you” plenty of times. 

however, all good things must come to an end. one day, me (17f) and bob (17m) were talking as usual and he told me his sisters found out about us and we had to stop being all lovey towards each other. at first i (17f) cried about it, but he (17m) hadn’t fully explained to me why we had to stop. i asked him later on during the day why did we have to stop, and he said his parents were overprotective now about him and his siblings having relationships after what happened with his ex. he said he wanted to at least be friends even though he still wanted what we had. at first me (17f) and bob (17m) were very awkward, but up until now i’d say things have went back to normal. 

note: i (17f) wasn’t really upset about it cause we weren’t even a couple, but it felt like we were, but it still hurt. :(
i (17f) asked him (17m) if he still liked me and he said yes, but it’s been awhile since this had happened and i don’t really know if he does or not. 

of course, i (17f) accepted without a doubt. my only problem is i can’t get myself to stop liking bob (17m). i’ve tried to think about other guys i might be interested in, but all i can think about is bob. we text everyday, play xbox, and just have really late conversations. it’s really hard to move on, and honestly i really do like him. i just really need some advice on what to do here. anything is greatly appreciated! thank you!

TL;DR: i (17f) have a crush on a guy (17m) who is confusing me, and i need help."|stxrshipsss|False|https://redd.it/ekad3f|4|0.8|0|0|1|relationships
ekcwlv|2020-01-05 13:18:45|My brother (24M) has a mental problem and doesn't let us live in peace|"Since he was a teenager my brother had to go to the hospital because in his school the teachers thought that he could have a mental illness. So he would go every month to a psychiatric. Then he gave him some pills to take and that would make him more active, like he would always want to play around and move a lot but he would be less argessive. My mom got tired of him always talking so she told him to stop taking the pills. The docotor then told my parents that it would be good for him to take him once a week in a group therapy. This would take place in a town like 15 minutes away from where we live. But my dad said that he was not going to spend money  in gasoline to drive him every week so they didn't go and at some point stopped going to the doctor. Also my mom would always lie to the doctor. He was always causing trouble at home (I explain that below in more detail) bt would always tell the doctor that everything was alright. 

Also when he finished high school his teachers told him that he should study in a profesional school (idk how they are called in other coutnries, but you got there for 2 years and learn a profesion, then you can study a superior course for another two years and then go to university). They have studies in biology and you can find a job in laboratories doing analysis and al that stuff. So he could get a good job related in something he finds interesting. But my father got mad and told him to not listen to the teachers, that he should go and study a Baccalaureate (it's two years and then you can go to university. so it's more quick if the goal is getting to university, but while the professional school you study for a specific job this is like high school but more difficult) So my brother did that, then failed the first year and had to study it again and then he droped high school. Since then he never studied or got a job. And what he does while he is home? Break things. Yesterday he got in the kitchen and started breaking eggs to the floor. Then he broke the television remote. My father can't buy smartphones because he will break them. He now only buys old phones. He burns our dad's pictures. He is always breaking things. And don't even get me started in the constant fights and yelling. And the worst part of all this, he makes creepy comments all the time (they are fucking disgusting and directed to a minor so I can't even write them down). Also back in his teen years he used to hit me a lot and made my childhood hell. My parents would do nothing about this because they would rather have him taking his wrath one me rather than them. So if I sound like I'm resenting them it's because I do.

I don't live my parents anymore because my mom kicked me out of there. So I know it shouldn't be my problem what's going on there. But it this. Because when my brother does something like this my mother will call me and somehow put the blame on me (I'm not going to exaplain how because it doesn't make any sense). And a lot of times I'm the one suposed to pay for what he breaks. And also I feel bad for my younger brothers.

 My brother won't go back to get a doctor's help, so that's not an option. My mom said that next time he does something like start breaking things and yelling they should call the police, and then maybe they would have him serve time in a mental hospital. But never does this. My dad has tried to call to police on him but my mom won't let him. And they won't kick him out because they are afraid he is going to do something he'll regret. 

What would you do in this situation? Do you think there is any way to help my family or it is a lost cause? I feel like there is nothing to do taking into consideration my parents action. So any help?

&#x200B;

TL;DR My brother has been making life at home imposible by breaking things and starting fights. I don't live there anymore but my mom is trying to get me involved with the drama. Having my brother go back to see a doctor is not an option. Any advice?"|girlgirly|False|https://redd.it/ekcwlv|2|1.0|0|13|1|relationships
ekfhg7|2020-01-05 16:52:01|I (27M) can't deal with ignorement. It's ruining all of my relationships with women.|"*Not a native English speaker so please don't mind some of my broken English. This is a repost, since i didn't get a reply in advice reddit

Hi dear Redditers, as you can see from the title i have issues related to people ignoring me, or me perceiving as if they are even if they aren't. Let me explain.

I have a childhood trauma of when i was ignored on purpose by one of my parents so I know i experience the negative emotions from ignoring more so than your average person.

That said, i have no idea how i should cope with them. I know that there are cases where you are clearly ignored for days at a time and that just means the person doesn't want to talk to you and that's that. But i feel the same negative emotions even if they do just a tiny bit of ignoring, or at least when i perceive as if i am being ignored by them.

For example, let's say i am starting to date a girl and if i would see her online and not responding to me (see her being last active like 20min ago, while my last text was sent 3 hours ago) OR playing the game of dragging the response time on purpose not to seem too needy or desperate or whatever the case but not being online.

I know that sometimes life can get busy, it can get hectic at times. But i believe that like 80% of the time, you would get ignored on purpose, be it not in the mood to talk or being lazy or any other reason that's not related to some kind of productivity. 

But even with all of this, when i feel like someone is ignoring me it usually kills the romantic vibe instantly. I get disappointed. Like i feel as if they don't care and then slowly i stop caring and then it  dies off. 

I don't know how to cope with this in a healthy way. I know that the world doesn't revolve around me and not replying in cases mentioned above doesn't mean that they wanted to ignore me, or at least i think that way. 

Can you tell me guys how do you cope with it, maybe you don't even see it as a big deal at all and i am making too much of it than it actually is? Maybe my mindset is wrong? Any advice or share of your own experience is welcomed. 

On a final thought, this doesn't apply to my friends. I don't get these micro ignoring incidents with them and if i do i don't feel that many negative emotions. It mainly applies to romantic relationships only.

TL;DR I don't know what's the normal reaction to ignorement and how to deal with it in a healthy way. Need advice, it's ruining my romantic relationships"|babushkaXXXcandy|False|https://redd.it/ekfhg7|0|0.33|0|10|1|relationships
ekfewz|2020-01-05 16:47:07|My (19) girlfriend is being forced to choose her education over me (22M) by her father.|"Hello everyone, this is my first time posting in /r/relationships, this is also my first time asking a personal question to Reddit, so I hope I'll do this right! I'm extremely grateful for any recommendations you may have.

(I'm not very sure if this post should be here but I would still love to hear your opinions)

First of all, let me introduce myself, I'm a 22 y/o student of Logistics Management in my last year of studies, I'm moving to pursue a career and keep studying in the capital of Panama, Panama City. My girlfriend is now in her second year of studies, we have been dating for 9 months, almost 10.  She studies Medical Technology. She's the oldest of 3 brothers, all below the range of 16 to 5 years old.

My girlfriend's father is a very sexist, a male chauvinist, who ended up finding out I'm dating his daughter through gossips, which ended up belittling my name, to him I'm the worse thing my town could have, which I couldn't care less because gossip will forever be gossip and those things no longer affect me as my own family played the same cards to me but I'm now doing well with them and I love them.

GF's father is forcing my girlfriend to choose between having a relationship or studying, which obviously my girlfriend can't afford her studies by herself due to it being a $220 monthly fee to be able to keep studying and her classes are all in the morning, hence making it difficult for her to find a steady job but nonetheless my girlfriend works her ass off at a Gas station, every weekend, from 11AM to 10PM, and during holidays, she works every damn day, sometimes with worse schedules but she takes what she can and she seems comfortable there for now there but the huge issue with that job is the pay, which she uses for her own expenditures, as my GF's father is no longer helping her with none of her expenses except university.

I do understand that a 19y/o has the right to receive the necessities for living by their parent, which is legally admissible if said necessities are not satisfied in the form of an allowance, GF's dad has also told GF to leave the house before which she never did, of course, but she is now considering it as she's tired of her toxic father's demands.

I'm extremely worried for my girlfriend as her father is having some extra-curricular expenditures with a new found love, leaving her mother at home with the kids and sporadically returning. He's demanding authority and obedience in a place he almost never is for the sole reason he ""puts food on the table"". I really want my GF to finish her university, I want her to be someone great in the future, because she's been so much help to me in this pathway of growth, I don't want to lose her either.

TLDR; GF's Dad is forcing her (19y/o)  to choose between me (22y/o) or her education, she has a part-time job that sucks her life out and she has already been using the pay for the day-to-day expenditures including university. 

Thank you!"|Frostscroll|False|https://redd.it/ekfewz|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ekfera|2020-01-05 16:46:48|I (24M) am annoyed at my sister (31F) and her boyfriend (33M), but I don't know if I am overreacting?|"My sister has been dating this guy for 4 years and I have never been a big fan of him, but I always tried my best because I love my sister very much and I like to think that she would support my SO the same way, even if she wasn't a fan of her. 

In May 2019, my sister's boyfriend broke his leg in an accident, it was so bad that it nearly had to be amputated. Since then, he has just been the most difficult person in my life.

For a start, he treats my sister like she's his maid. He was in hospital for 15 days and she went up everyday to visit him (the hospital is about 100 miles from our location), on top of that, she cooks for him, she cleans for him, she wipes his poo from his a-hole, she has bent over backwards for him during his rehabilitation and he has treated her disrespectfully. When he came home, I gave him the benefit of the doubt, because I imagine we'd all be frustrated if we couldn't walk. 

In June 2019, he asked me to cut his lawn, which I did, every week, for the rest of the summer. It was painstaking, namely because he kept on going and going about small, pedantic elements that I wasn't doing properly (e.g. I had to cut the grass in the back yard with a specialised precision brush etc) and this was fine, he has a right to have it done properly.

One day, his Dad (who is a very nice man) called over to help me and they got into a massive argument over his Dad being controlling and how he didn't protect him as a child. When I told my sister, she said we have no idea what their relationship was like, which was a fair point. 

Eventually, this was fine and we moved into September and I no longer had to cut the lawn. Things were going alright until November.

In November 2019, I tried to take my own life, and there's various reasons for that, this wasn't really a reason but I did want to die, I no longer wanted to be here. 

When I told my friend, she said she would tell my sister, which I agreed with but my sister's reaction was to chastise me for being so stupid and that made me feel deeply ashamed, but then she sent my friend a pic of me saying ""cans and chats solve everything"" but it didn't solve anything, it made me feel worse and this woman I thought was amazing made me feel like I was a fool.

In December 2019, my sister's boyfriend took me job-hunting (I am currently unemployed). He put so much pressure on me to go to every single place and give them my details and I could see where he was coming from, but he put me under severe pressure and I broke down crying that I wanted to go home. On the journey home, he basically said that I needed to sort my life out, which I do. 

A few days later, they organised a clear out of my house, which was fine, until everything had been taken up and disposed of, including my carpets and my floorboards and then they said ""oh we'll move in with you for a while when we sell our house"" at the moment, they are trying to sell their mortgage-free house, because my sister's boyfriend does not like his sister and her boyfriend. 

On Christmas Eve, the three of us were all having drinks, when he started to get angry. He started shouting at my sister about something and then he lost his mind at me, he said these exact words, ""I don't like the way he looked at me"" and I walked into the hallway and I started crying incessantly (albeit, I was drunk). I left the house and I went over to my friends, I stayed there and the next morning, I woke up to two text messages. One from my Sister's boyfriend saying ""very sorry person"" (person is not my name, you get what I am doing!) And another text from my sister saying ""could you just forgive him, so we can have dinner?"" Quickly followed by a ""do this for me please!"" So I just did it, because I haven't the energy to be fighting. 

Anyway, they went on holidays to the carribean for the entire month of January 2020 and I have to live with no carpets. Okay, the carpets are redudant, I don't care about that. 

I don't care about him anymore, but now I have to tolerate him properly, like I really dislike him due to this, I don't want anything to do with him and I may potentially have to live with him, could anyone tell me if I am overreacting? Or am I justified in my loathing of him? 

TL; DR: I am conflicted about my sister and her boyfriend and I don't know if I am overreacting."|ZonZolto|False|https://redd.it/ekfera|0|0.5|0|4|1|relationships
ekbjh9|2020-01-05 10:47:01|Helping a friend in an abusive relationship, with someone she has never met?|"So i have a friend and like 2 years ago she started talking to a guy living in new york (us being from Europe) over a videogame. Soon they also started texting over discord, but occasionally he flaked on her by saying there was a problem with their wifi and he apparently didnt have internet or anything.

She obviously has some kind of mental health problems (puberty, unsupporting family, different strong allergies) and i think he has taken a role in that too, i have talked to him on discord as well, to make sute he isn't some kind of weird old man and he didnt seem suspicious.

Over the last few weeks and months i have started to get the feeling that he pressures her into staying with him (again, they never met, only texted and called), by what little she tells me.

There are a lot of red flags, he makes her stay up all night to talk to him (time zones) and even stay home from time to time.

My friends and i think that he is either manipulative or has some personal trauma as well. However, their ""relationship"" is toxic and not healthy for them, but you cant talk to her about it, she gets defensive and enraged (understandable), when we try to suggest that she should at least have some distance to all that.

I dont know what to do anymore, ive tried everything and cant just be there and watch, any suggestions?

**Tl;dr friend is in relationship with internet stranger, e o probably has mental issues, as well as her, big amount of red flags**"|hallalaladeii|False|https://redd.it/ekbjh9|3|0.63|0|4|1|relationships
ekfdsm|2020-01-05 16:44:47|I [22 F] have to listen to my parents [54 F & 58 M] complain about their marriage. How to approach it?|"Is it wrong of me to tell them they should be talking to a therapist about it and not their daughter? They have serious communication issues and I have expressed my thoughts about them seeking counseling. They are very traditional and are still stuck in that mindset that counseling is for the weak. 

Last night my mother facetimed me in the middle of their fight to ask me if I could back her up or something negative my dad did a long time ago. I felt uncomfortable. 

Another time my mom showed up at my place unexpected and wanted to vent about my dad. Shortly after I calmed her down and she left, my dad called to complain about her. 

How do I convince them to get counseling and stop calling me to vent?


TL;DR: my parents constantly try to bring me into their fights. How do I convince them to seek marriage counseling and get professional help?"|wowthanksreddit|False|https://redd.it/ekfdsm|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekihfx|2020-01-05 20:21:47|In a relationship, but can't seem to stop talking to my ex GF|"Throw away because my current GF uses Reddit. 

My GF (31F) and I (33M) have been together just over two years. We met through a mutual acquaintance. We dont live together, but have started talking about it. 

A few months ago she found out that I still talk to my ex after I told her that I didn't talk to any ex's. I don't know why I lied in the first place. I'm dumb.

Rightfully so, my GF felt angry that I lied. She asked me to stop contact, so I did...for a time. 

See, my ex and I were together for four years. We talked about marriage even, but mutually decided no. Well, I more decided no, but she agreed. It's hard to let someone like that go. We broke up four years ago and don't even live near each other anymore because I moved. 

Well, I started talking to my ex again after I said I'd stop and my GF found out again. She told me to choose her or my ex and I chose her...except I not only talked to my ex since then, but I saw her when I visited some friends near by for a weekend. Nothing happened, but still, I just can't seem to stop talking to her. 

What is wrong with me? 

The thing is, I feel like I won't be able to hide talking to my ex if my current GF and I live together, but I still can't seem to stop! 

Do I like the possibility that my ex still wants me? I honestly don't want to be with her and I might lose my current GF who I love because of it. 

Help...

TLDR; Can't seem to stop talking to my ex even though my current GF said it's a deal breaker. Help."||False|https://redd.it/ekihfx|0|0.25|0|17|1|relationships
ekalv4|2020-01-05 08:55:07|How important is it for me [23M] to pursue a relationship.|"I've never been in a relationship with a girl before and I get alot of crap for it. Because of that I've been thinking about it.

I'm going to a four year university this semester and thought it might be a good opportunity to finally meet someone. My problem is I feel like I'm not ready. I'm 23 and havent graduated, at an age where most of my friends have, and I have pretty bad OCD, which can get in the way of my interacting with people. Also I'm asian and I feel that most girls aren't attracted to Asian guys.

I want to be in a relationship, but I just feel so unworthy of anyone right now, and I'm unsure of my ability to even get a girl to want to be in a relationship with me. How important is it for me, and in general others, to be in a relationship?

Tl;dr I'm 23 years old and have never had a girlfriend. Should I be worried?"|Steven0710|False|https://redd.it/ekalv4|3|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ekf0b3|2020-01-05 16:17:59|Boyfriend [24M] broke up with me [22F] out of seemingly nowhere.|"Apologies in advance for format, on mobile atm.

My ex and I were together for 7 months and for the most part, everything was great. I truly felt like I could be myself around him and I felt safety and love in a way that I never experienced with another partner. Last night we were in the middle of a date and while he’s holding me he suddenly says he’s sorry, but he wants to break up.

We talked it through and both cried and held/kissed each other, and he explained to me that he feels that can not be in a relationship right now because he feels like he will do better on his own and that he has always dealt with a sort of emptiness inside him that leads him to want to make drastic changes. This is something we had discussed before and while I did the best I could to try to understand and be patient with him, I realize I can’t change him and I need to accept it for what it is.

He also confessed to me that a few weeks ago, he had started talking to a coworker and while nothing ever happened between them, he said the conversation was flirtatious and he liked it. He put a stop to it because he felt if he didn’t he would end up doing something he would regret.

I’m sorry if this post is a incoherent mess, I’m just so blindsided by all of this and I guess I’m wondering how do I start healing from here.

Tl;dr: My ex broke up with me after 7 months together because he says he doesn’t want a relationship right now, I’m completely blindsided by all of this and don’t know how to accept this for what it is instead of trying to understand why."|true-blue_|False|https://redd.it/ekf0b3|1|1.0|0|5|1|relationships
ekewof|2020-01-05 16:10:25|I [31F] feel like I was strung along by a [31M] who I got way too invested in too soon. What advice would you give so I don't feel such embarrassment and shame?|"I met this guy two years ago. We exchanged numbers but never saw each other after the night we met. Two years later (now) I get a message from him that he'll be home for the holidays and asked to get together. I was surprised he remembered meeting me.

His texts turn sexual pretty quickly. He commented on how great I look and how amazing my body is. We flirt a bit and he sends me a pic of him (sexy one) I send one of me - no face and I am not naked - it's just a teaser, nothing less than a bathing suit.

I inevitably receive a dick pic. I told him dick pics don't turn me on and he seemed to be offended by that. Then his texts turn a bit cold, but he still asked for pictures. Frustrated, I told him to take it or leave it with a silly emoji to not come off too harsh and that it's better to wait until in person. I was 100% aware that this was most likely going to be a hook-up, but I was still excited to see him!

We talk a few weeks later - plan to meet - and 1 hour before our date he canceled on me and I have heard nothing since.

I feel so embarrassed and I'm hurt because I was excited to see him, and feel like this is somehow my fault.  I shouldn't have sent him a picture of me. I was caught up in the moment and now feel such shame for it. Please be kind and help me cut myself some slack.

TLDR; Was talking to a guy who I was excited to meet, he kept asking for me to send him pics of my body, we had a date planned but he cancelled 1 hour before and I haven't heard from him since. I'm pretty embarrassed and am very hurt by this as I feel like I must've done something wrong. Please be kind as I am very hard on myself as-is."|kilokilla|False|https://redd.it/ekewof|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekem0s|2020-01-05 15:48:18|Fiancé/child’s mother will not clean up after herself|"I love her so much. She’s a great mother, a great partner, we rarely fight, and if we do it’s about her not keeping the house clean. I’m by no means a clean freak. I don’t want the house to be spotless by any means. She is home with our 19 month old child 24 hours a day while I go to work, and when I come home there is food on the floor, food on the tables, food on the counters, food on the couch, dishes everywhere, toys everywhere, dirty diapers everywhere but the trash can, etc. I’ve tried time and time again to talk to her and get her to at least keep things sanitary, by cleaning up food and diapers and that sort of thing. Toys and things of that nature is one thing I get that. Your house is gonna be a bit messy if you have a small child running around. I just want her to clean up after herself. When I bring it up she gets super upset, no matter how nicely I say it, starts screaming at me saying “YOU do x” “I DID x TODAY” and just turning things on me and bringing up that I left my clothes in the bathroom after I showered and things like that completely avoiding the actual conversation I’m trying to have. Then she cries, says she’ll try harder, and nothing ever changes.

What should I do? It is incredibly frustrating to have to come home after working all day and clean up dishes and food and dirty diapers all over the house or just leave it like that. If I don’t do it, it WILL NOT get done. She does the dishes occasionally (the ones that aren’t scattered in various places throughout the house) and she will do a couple loads of laundry every now and then. I feel like she views cleaning up after herself as a “chore” or something that she needs to do so I won’t bitch at her, instead of something that adult people just have to do because they don’t want to live in filth...

Tldr; fiancé doesn’t clean up after herself and our child, and I am fed up and do not know what to do.

Edit: I am not leaving her. She loves the baby, she loves me, she’s in all other ways a damn good mother, and a great partner. I love her to death. I’d make some cut backs on other expenses and hire a damn maid before I’d leave her.
I just want her to learn how to do these things, or get the willingness to do them, and I don’t know what else to do I’ve tried talking to her in every way possible."|Handzon_Johnson|False|https://redd.it/ekem0s|0|0.33|0|8|1|relationships
ekellp|2020-01-05 15:47:29|my ex (27f) of four years has been talking to me the entire time since we split|"hey redditors. i'm 24m, me and my ex were together for two years, and we've kept contact over the 4 years since we were together. i cheated on her (emotionally, not physically) and she started dating someone 4 months after we broke up. she just broke up with that guy and started talking to me heavier around christmas. i have been single the entire time, not because i'm not over her (i mean i'm not entirely but that's irrelevant; i wasn't over the woman previous to her when we started dating) but because i haven't found someone who i REALLY click with. 

i get hit on a lot by cute girls at bars and i'm consistently told i'm attractive and my friends all want me to settle for some girl who's just... hot... because they know how much i love being in relationships. but i won't. 

is it possible to get her back? how do i prove to her i've changed? how much space do i give her? i know we would work, our interests and pursuits of happiness in this life are so secular and line up so well i couldn't imagine us failing. i'm a really emotionally mature person and letting go of people isn't hard for me but there's seriously something about her that i want to chase more than anything.

TLDR: can I get an ex of 4 years back?"|sixmonthparadox|False|https://redd.it/ekellp|1|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
eka99t|2020-01-05 08:13:24|Desperately need advice and opinions.. I (25M) met the love of my life (25F) and I think I’m losing her|"So a bit of info before I (25m) start: I have BPD, an addictive personality, issues with sex and drugs, episodes of lashing out over nothing, and suicidal tendencies. Many of my relationships started off as hookups. Even though I was in loving relationships, I acted selfishly and slept with other women while in a relationship (maybe it was fear of commitment and/or abandonment). My now-ex-girlfriend (let's call her Beth) finds out and decides to download tinder and meets up with a guy to get back at me.. and she ends up getting violated... I'm a mess at this point and I was so close to beating the life out of this guy. I decide to buy some coke and wait outside his place, but then the police pull up and arrest me for DUI and possession. At this point I'm at rock bottom and I decide to change -I tell myself I will no longer let sex and drugs control my life, no more infidelity and substance abuse. Beth and I stayed together for a little while longer but things weren't looking too good. 

Summer came along, and I met a girl (25f) that I completely fall in love with and want to spend my life with -let's call her Anne. I never thought I would feel this way about someone and she felt the same. We never thought we'd marry or have kids until we met each other. We were both in unhappy long term relationships, but as soon as I realized I had feelings for Anne, I broke it off with my girlfriend. Anne had planned a two week vacation with her now-ex-boyfriend and it was too late to cancel the flight -everything had been planned and paid for. So she decided to break up with him once she came back from vacation. It was hard for me but I kept reminding myself that I wasn't the one getting the shit-end of the stick. 

Anne said that she would eventually break up with her boyfriend when she got back, but one thing led to another.. and he found out about us, telling her parents about everything (really uncool of him). Her parents gave her a hard time and begged Anne to go back with him (he was like family apparently) but she refused. 

Fast forward a few months, Anne and I are completely in love with each other. We're seeing each other almost every day, talking on the phone almost every night, planning our future together, telling each other our darkest secrets, meeting my siblings and parents, etc etc. We know everything about each other. The sex is great and we decide that we want to spice it up a little. She says she wants to be with a girl and maybe try out a threesome.. I tell her she should go for it -so she downloads tinder and goes on a few dates. A few weeks pass and things are getting serious with Anne and I. I tell her that I feel uncomfortable about the whole thing now and she says it is okay and deletes the app. 

Fast forward again to the beginning of fall, I relapse and start using again. My court date is coming up, and bad memories with Beth start resurfacing. Things get pretty bad with Anne and I, and my freakout episodes get more and more frequent. I tell her what I'm going through and she is very supportive, but eventually she gets really worried for me and tells my family about my suicidal tendencies. I felt as though she broke our trust -I become more distant with her and start pushing her away, but then I realize that I was wrong to do so.. she was only trying to help. 

Now I try to fix things and reach out to her, but she does not reciprocate and she has a hard time saying ""I love you"" back. She'd be gone in a week for a family vacation, so I just want to spend more time with her. I try to see her but she says that she will be spending time with her family... but then I find out that she's lying -she is not with family been seeing this girl she's met on tinder. Apparently the girl added Anne on instagram after Anne had deleted the app. I see Ann in the girl's stories, and I see their very flirty back-and-forth comments that are public posts (it could be innocent flirting but idk), I see that she's hiding her phone more often, and when I do see her on it, she is messaging this girl... I start freaking out and I blow up when I confront her about it, and she says that they're just friends and she was just afraid of how I'd act if she told me the truth. Before she heads off to vacation, Anne tells me she's going through an identity crisis and needs to figure things out on her own -she decides that she wants to be alone and I agree that we should spend some time apart. I still love her but don't want to force her into anything she doesn't want. We agree that we can still see each other and hang out as friends when she comes back and I agree. 

Fast forward to 2020, Anne is acting colder and colder, and eventually texts me that she still loves her boyfriend... and I'm not really sure what to do with that info. Is she trying to hurt me so that I can move on? Or is she doing the right thing by being honest? Is she with the tinder girl and saying this instead to spare me some hurt? I try to be positive and understanding about the whole thing, then I ask her if we can still spend time together and talk when she gets back... She says that she doesn't think its a good idea anymore, and that she's trying to move on. She says that she still loves me and cares for me and wants to be there for me but doesn't think we're right for each other. 

Splitting up is always tough but I've used this time to better myself.. I haven't been using anymore, and I will be seeing a therapist later this month. It's just tough to not know if there's a future with Anne and I. I really believed that I was going to spend my life with her. But now I'm not so sure she feels the same way. Is it unrealistic for me to think that we still have a future together -whether that be in 6 months or a year or two years? Am I holding onto something that I should just let go? Is it wrong to think that she's hiding something? Am I just being insecure? Do you think that she's hiding something? What do you think would be the best way to proceed without setting fire to anything?

TL;DR: The love of my life left her boyfriend to be with me. We were happy and doing well until I let my life problems and mental issues take ahold of me. Now I have a feeling that she might be cheating on me? Or fell out of love? Not sure what to do."|throwawayawayzzz3000|False|https://redd.it/eka99t|4|0.63|0|5|1|relationships
ek6glx|2020-01-05 02:13:37|I (21F) have been in love with someone (21F) for over a year now and I need advice on how to get over it?|"Hello everyone, not really in a relationship (sadly) but I was directed here and I need advice !!

This might be all a bit cliche but I’m in need of some serious help. 

I’ve been in love with this girl for a year now. She was one of my friends for a while and I always thought she was attractive but I didn’t think much of it. 

Then one night out, last January, we kissed. It wasn’t much, just a few quick pecks but we were close all night, holding hands and dancing and kissing !! Then after that I developed a little bit of a crush but that’s all it was... then I carried on spending time and talking to her and I realised that I liked her a lot more than I originally thought.

This sent me into my feelings and I was really down for a long time, I wasn’t my usual self. My friends all told me to tell her because I never know what she might say but I knew I would get rejected and didn’t want to embarrass myself, plus we were friends!! We run in the same circle, that’s embarrassing!! 

Anyway, I tried to ignore it but then this September I had to tell her and I did!! But she didn’t give me much of reaction, just said she wouldn’t make it awkward and she doesn’t know why I would fancy her.

Since then it hasn’t been awkward at all when we see each other, but we don’t talk as much as we used too and she didn’t invite me to her birthday but she invited my best friend and I feel like shit. Because I know I still love her, I will do anything to make her happy. I’ll pay her compliments, I’ll buy her drinks, I’ll buy her birthday presents. 

But now I know she doesn’t care about me as much as I care about her. And I wasn’t it to stop, I want to get over her but how? How? I can’t block her, we run in the same circles. 

TL;DR - All in all I’ve been in love with a close friend for about a year, told her four month ago and she didn’t really give me a reply on how she felt. It’s not awkward but I’m still in love with her and feel sad when I think about it. Need help. 

Thanks."|iraqibabe|False|https://redd.it/ek6glx|11|0.85|0|3|1|relationships
ek2o1s|2020-01-04 21:19:12|My husband has stopped coming to bed with me. Phase or red flag?|"We are 5 years in, both busy, working, 1 kid each. For the majority of our relationship bedtime has been ""us time"". We have our own things happening all day, he works 1pm-10pm and in the evening we would watch TV for an hour or so then lay down together in bed and read or do a word puzzle on the tablet together.
Reciently (past few months) my husband has stopped coming to bed. He comes home from work, watches tv, plays video games and I go to bed alone. Often he stays up until 4 or 5am and sleeps on the couch. This also means we haven't been intimate in a few months.
I've talked to him, he just says hes been stressed and wanting more alone time, also hes just ""really into this video game"" which is fine but bedtime has really been our only time together anyway, and I miss it.
Does this just sound like a natural shift in our relationship or a red flag?

Tl;dr - My husband works late and the hour before bed has been our ""quality time"". The past few months he has stopped coming to bed, blames it on stress and video games."|Mother0fPancakes|False|https://redd.it/ek2o1s|32|0.9|0|24|1|relationships
ekecl7|2020-01-05 15:28:00|We need the opposite thing from each other|"My gf (20f) and I (23m) have been having issues. I don’t feel like she gives me enough sex even though I have constantly gone to lengths to meet her expectations. I have changed so much so accommodate her needs including cutting back on PDA which I like more of, and cutting back on honestly being the flirtatious person I was when we first met, and as I realized I was just a shell of who I was, I was just giving her what she needed without taking care of myself. So do I break up with her? I keep asking her for more but she keeps deflecting my issues and making them about how I’m not creating a situation where she would be in the mood. Even though I do everything she asks me not to do, even though I put in a lot of effort into loving her because it honestly make me happy to make her happy, but it hurts when it doesn’t feel like she doesn’t think my needs are important as hers. Are we incompatible?

TL;DR: Gf wants less and I want more"|ImAManTho|False|https://redd.it/ekecl7|0|0.33|0|3|1|relationships
ekebi2|2020-01-05 15:25:32|I [24] do not like my best friend's [24] husband|"I have been friends with Rihanna for around   5 years. Around the beginning of our friendship she had recently gotten married to Joshua. 

They haven't had the best marriage. From what she tells me and her other friends, Rihanna and Joshua are a terrible match. They have both done terrible things to each other.

Most of her friends have distanced themselves from her, so now she's only left with me and a couple of other people. 

NONE of us like her husband. And no one really wants to hang out at her house when he's there which means that she ends up feeling like nobody likes her or wants to make an effort for her as a friend.
 
We would really appreciate any advice on what to do. I really hate lying and it feels like I'm on the verge of just screaming it at her. 

TL;DR No one likes her husband, how do we tell her without hurting her feelings or should we just rip-off the bandaid and deal with the fallout?"|bloodofaprince|False|https://redd.it/ekebi2|1|1.0|0|11|1|relationships
ekbv5y|2020-01-05 11:25:39|I'm 25m and still not over my ex (24f) despite breaking up 2 years ago?|"It was a 3 year relationship and after breaking up it hit me really really hard. Harder than I can even begin to describe. The first year I was in a really dark place and I've definitely improved since then but I think I'm never going to fully get over it. 

I don't want to date other women or go on dates as this has put me off future relationships for good.

Also the rare times I have a ""lie in"" (sleep in a bit later eg on a Sunday) I always wake up really down in the dumps and somehow my thoughts always turn to her. I'm writing this as I had a dream about her last night (which isn't uncommon for me at all.... I seem to have a dream about her a couple of times a month). The dreams are annoying because I literally can't stop myself from having them.

What do you recommend I do moving forwards?

As much as I don't want another relationship, I'm reaching the age now where all my friends have been in long term relationships for many years, some are/are on the verge of getting married, having children, buying a place with their partners etc.

She's blocked on all social media.

Tl;dr: Can't get over my ex and dreaming of her. What can I do?"|Ilikegammon|False|https://redd.it/ekbv5y|2|0.75|0|4|1|relationships
eke4g4|2020-01-05 15:09:32|Annoyed. how do I respond?|"Got this email from my mother yesterday.  I have gone on over 200 first dates with no luck - it's not like i'm not trying. this just feels like salt in the wound. I'm tempted to ignore.  Thoughts? 

""*Hi*  
*I want to ask you something. (inflammatory) What I am wondering is have you given up about finding a partner to share the ups and downs of life or is that a total negative.  I do not know what happened but it would be nice for you to have a partner. you don't seem to have any dates?  As you get older life can get pretty lonely.  You do not need to answer as I know you will be angry with me.  I worry about what will happen when we are no longer around.  We are both over 70 now*.""

tl;dr email from my mother about me being single really annoyed me; how do I respond?"|Yummy_Persimmon|False|https://redd.it/eke4g4|1|1.0|0|23|1|relationships
ekbtxh|2020-01-05 11:21:38|I'm(24M) not sure going on Vacation with Girl (24f) is a good idea.|"Hello, before I start the post please forgive any mistakes, English is not mine or the girls first language (semi-important).  


I'm an immigrant living in another country, some people here are liberal (like myself) and some are conservative, others are a mix. For the last year and a half, i've been going out on dates with a native girl. We see each other at least once a month and sometimes once a week. We both have OK English, but we don't speak each others native tongues, so sometimes there are miscommunications. 

After a year of kind of going nowhere other than date night, I asked her what we are or where we are. She tells me she's conservative when it comes to dating and really needs to know a person before moving forward. I've explained, the reason why we've been going on dates for so long is because I like her and I'm unsure how long I can keep waiting for her to decide we hit the magic line and should we be friends. She says no, we are more than friends, but not a couple yet and to give it time.

Two days ago she asked me to join her on a 2 week vacation in March. I originally wasn't sure, but I ended up agreeing. I had no idea what to make of the trip as the itinerary seemed very ""couples"" focused. It had been six months since we last talked about relationship stuff, so I decided to ask before the trip. She doesn't want to think about it and this ""what we are stuff"" can be talked about after the trip once we know each other more because we still don't know each other that well. I'm sort of dreading the trip, I don't want to go on a trip for 2 weeks, just to be rejected at the end. But i've spent around $700 on tickets, hotels, etc. (we split this 50/50, normally on dates I pay for everything.)  so I can't back out.

I don't know if i'm overthinking it, but she always seems to give me non-direct answers, i'd prefer a yes or a no. But all I get is once we know each other, I need some more time, I'm not sure how I feel, I like how things are now, we are more than friends but not a couple yet. We've talked about this 3 times in the year and a half we've known each other and each time she ends it with a yet, later, soon. 

I can't tell if it's to do with her semi conservative nature / religion (she's religious).

If she isn't into me and just wants to not tell me.

If she's just using me for money. (Free drinks / food, etc.)

language barrier.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Girl I've been dating, keeps giving me vague answers when asking about becoming a couple and has invited me on vacation. 

Basically Reddit, should i just cut my losses and assume it's not going to magically happen? Or wait and see?"|naynaymayday|False|https://redd.it/ekbtxh|2|0.75|0|4|1|relationships
eke2pv|2020-01-05 15:05:33|My first 'boyfriend' (18M) is ghosting me (18F) and I don't know how to handle it|"I have had a huge crush on this guy, who's like, a recluse but also definitely my ideal guy, for a very long time, specifically the first few months of 2019 until I didn't see him until December, when he asked me out. Since then it's been a constant battle of organizing times to hang out with him as the weather changes/we have to cancel etc. He does reply fast, so I'll give him that.

I am leaving in mid-February to go to university. In my eyes he was a summer fling, and he knows that I will be leaving. He still asked me out, he was the first one to call me his girlfriend and use those terms. He always made the first move, and I went along with it, because, fun.

On my first ever date, he kissed me. Boom, great, it's going well. He initiated sex on the second date (hint hint also my first time) and the third time we saw each other, where we had a small argument and I thought he was angry at me over Christmas. We had scheduled to meet before New Years but he cancelled right after I got ready and left the house to see him. I was going to talk about our relationship but now it's too late.

Since then he's been avoiding me, saying that he doesn't want to see anyone at all, despite him having things to go to whenever I try to meet up with him. It's because he suddenly realizes how sad he will be later if we continue to date and have fun now. I can see his side of this but he is continuing to ignore my texts. It hurts because I liked him for so long and now I almost 'had him' in my grasp and was he just leading me on the entire time? It doesn't feel like it but what does it all mean??

We went on three measly dates and I keep thinking back to how great the first one was and all the little things I like about him. I'm not going to force him to stay, I'm just so angry about his silence.

I had lent his mother's jacket so I have to return that to him. He has my umbrella. I was planning on keeping it hostage so that he'll talk to me in person (which he has already agreed to) but I feel like I texted him too much already.

Relationships suck. Can't believe this is the norm. God, he was hot.


TL;DR My first relationship, after seeing him three times, doesn't want to date anymore due to my leaving in a couple of weeks. I am angry about his silence."|seren-dipitis|False|https://redd.it/eke2pv|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ek8iis|2020-01-05 05:12:09|My [21M] ex-boyfriend [21M] is jealous of my new girlfriend [21F]|" I’ve known my ex-boyfriend “David” since elementary school. We been best friends since then. David came out as gay at 16 years old and we started dating after I came out as bisexual at 17 years old. However, we broke up this past June after we both realized we wanted different things in life and we would be better off as friends. The break up was mutual and we have remained best friends since then.

During our time together, we were both out to our friends and family but I was still hesitant showing affection (hand holding, kisses, etc.) in public so we kept the PDA to a minimum. We were each others first relationship and since the break up, we both haven’t seen other people until recently when I started dating a girl.

4 months ago at the start of the school semester. I started talking to a girl “Sally."" We met while working on a university project in a class we both took. We “officially” started dating 3 months ago. Things are great and we are currently still crazy about each other. Sally eventually became part of our friend group (David and I have the same friends) after hanging out with my friends. She’s very shy so she never had many friends before that. She gets along with everyone and all my friends adore her, except my ex-boyfriend. Initially, I thought nothing of it cause David is a pretty shy person too (I guess I have a type haha) and he avoids talking to people he doesn’t or barely know. However, Lately I’ve been realizing that David has been acting very cold towards Sally. He is never directly mean to her though. For example, when we hang out with our friends, David never initiates conversation with Sally. He’ll talk, play games, joke with everyone except her. Even though he’s shy around new people, he’s an extremely lively person with his friends and family. Whenever Sally tries to start conversation with him, he'll give quick one word responses and move on. He opted out of secret Santa after he heard my friends and I invited Sally to participate. All he said was that he was too busy to do it this year. However, it all came to a head during a New Years Eve Party. Sally and I were cuddling and kissing on the couch and once David saw us, he left the party immediately. Since then, he hasn’t returned any of my calls or messages and his been avoiding me.

I spoke with his older sister trying to make sense of the whole situation but all she told me was that David can’t stand my girlfriend. There’s definitely more that David told her but she wouldn’t spill that information. From the information I did get, I think David is jealous of Sally. Sally tries her best to get along with David and is always friendly to him. She knows David and I use to date and has been extremely accepting and understanding of the fact and that I'm bisexual. We always try to be respectful around David as the break up is still kinda fresh. The News Years Party was a drunken slip up and David left before I got the chance to talk with him. I talked with Sally and she says she can understand why David doesn’t like her. She says she’s fine with it but I can tell it upsets her and makes her feel guilty.

Should I confront David about this issue and talk it out with him the next time we meet (School semester starts again on Monday). If so, what should I say? Or should I wait and give it time for him to adjust? I just don’t want David to keep growing more distant with me and eventually his friends. I feel like he thinks he's being ""replaced"" in our friend group and that breaks my heart. Even though we aren’t together anymore and our desires in life are different, I will always love him as a best friend and I don’t know what I would do if he cuts me out of his life

Thanks all for your help.

TL:DR: My ex-boyfriend/best friend is jealous of my new girlfriend and is avoiding me."|JealousExthrowaway|False|https://redd.it/ek8iis|6|0.8|0|7|1|relationships
ekdx8c|2020-01-05 14:52:33|Should I go for it? [23F] [23M]|"
So about a month ago I [23F]reconnected with a childhood crush[23M]. I’ve admired him since elementary, but not necessarily in a romantic way then. We matched on tinder and eventually he gave me his number then, but I never reached out bc I felt like it might just end up a hookup. (I crave something meaningful)I found him on IG and he followed me back immediately. I’ve known him for most of my life, but our interactions 
 since elementary have only been online and scarce. We have many mutuals (one which I had a brief relationship with). 

I feel like he’s very interesting and we have the same outlook on life which makes it easy even for a friendship, but I’m still nervous for some reason? I feel insecure about my accomplishments since high school because it’s been nothing but personal growth and nothing outside of that. I’ve always liked him. It would be interested having him in my life but idk it’s just the last time he saw me in real life I was stuffing lasagna/salad/ice cream in my face and wore office wear to graduation. (I was going through it) >.< 

Would it be weird if I invited him out somewhere even though he gave me his number weeks ago? Is it even worth it? Am I overthinking things?

TL;DR I want to ask out a childhood crush even though he gave his phone number WEEKS ago. I don’t even know if he’d respond or if he would treat me like another body (which I will not appreciate). I want to at least talk to him but I don’t know how to start the conversation or if I even should. HELP"|yankasan|False|https://redd.it/ekdx8c|1|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekdvws|2020-01-05 14:49:02|How do I (19/m) move out without leaving my family (50sf/25m) homeless?|"Sooo... I know people are probably just going to tell me to leave and get out bc that's what everyone around me irl does but I just don't know how to do this. Also I'm sorry if this is a mess of a post, I just got off work and I'm a little sleep deprived. 

Anyway, I'm sort of in a weird situation, I work full time and am basically the ""breadwinner"" of the house rn. About 90% of my money is given to my mom so she can pay bills/rent and my brother works but he definitely doesn't make as much as me. It's really frustrating that I never have any money for myself and I can't ever save money bc I end up spending it. This is my first job and I want to have some sort of play money, esp since I have to pay for my therapy now. I only get about $50 after I pay for therapy. My boyfriend (19), his cousin (21f), and I are planning on moving out once we get tax money and they save up enough (we've all talked it out and they understand my money situation). 

My problem is that if I leave my mom, my brother, and my three cats will most likely become homeless or something of the sort. I feel really guilty because I already told her that I cannot give her extra money to fix up or buy a new car (it's an old beater now). Like 4-6 months ago she had abt 1~2k saved up but chose to fix the car after it broke down and spent most of that money. Now she can never save more than $500-1k at a time before something comes up and it gets spent. She also spends a lot of money on kratom, imo & goes through it really quickly bc she takes so much. Anyway, I've told her months in advance that I plan on moving out once we have all our money squared away. When I do she gets very quiet and hurt and goes on to tell me all that we'll have to pay for and stuff (which I already know bc every time I bring up my moving out she says it). She'll often say she's just trying to help but it feels like she's trying to discourage me.

 And she'll say stuff like ""well since you've already stopped giving me money for the car it'll be hard to use during the winter"" or like tells me how hard it'll be for her to get a place and kinda lowkey implies that she & my brother will be homeless. Then she'll go on to say that she's not trying to guilt me and that I should be able to go out and live my life & talks abt how we're in such a shitty situation. I feel really guilty and bad about moving out bc of that but also kind of angry bc it shouldn't be my responsibility to keep a roof over their heads. It's so stressful and I'm always frustrated when she says stuff like this. 

I know poor people are allowed to enjoy stuff but I can't help but feel like if she just didn't spend (my) money on weed and kratom then maybe she could save a little or pay bills/rent on time. Everyone around me says to just stop giving her so much or just move out but... like... they don't have to live with her Nor do they have to rely on her for a ride to/from work everyday. Every time I don't give her the amount she wants I start to feel like a stranger in my own house idk it's just weird and I don't know what to do and I need serious advice ig?



tldr: I make the most money in my house, my mom takes abt 90% of my paycheck for rent/bills plus the money my brother makes. I'm trying to move out w my boyfriend and his cousin but it feels every time I bring it up to my mom she gets kinda guilt trippy (at least to me, maybe I just don't get her perspective) about it and implies that she & my brother will end up homeless. I don't know what to do"|hhnmmjyeah|False|https://redd.it/ekdvws|0|0.5|0|13|1|relationships
ekdito|2020-01-05 14:16:44|I (23F) ended it based on the answer I got here and my ex bf (32M) accepted|"I made a post here yesterday explaining that I had trouble getting the way my bf see love. That he only loved one woman in his life and made it clear he didn’t love me because, love for him, is something that comes with the time in a relationship and he was not sure if he’s gonna feel it or not. 90% of the messages I got was about people saying that I should “run” because why would I be in a relationship with a guy that doesn’t love me? And 10% agreed with him about love being build in a relationship. I sent him the screenshots and told him that we had 2 options, either give it a try to see if he would develop the feeling for me or I end it to avoid future heartbreaks. I chose the second, must admit I was influenced for the answers I got. He seemed nervous/mad on the phone but accepted it saying that he wouldn’t force it. I got upset, if he liked me why didn’t he make me stay? It went down in a horrible way. I said that he used me and that I got why the only girl he loved cheated on him. He said that he agreed with the breakup because I took all hopes of a relationship. He sent me a last message and this was the end. I like him, I want him back but I don’t know what’s the most reasonable thing to do now. He said he wont delete my number right away but he’s gonna gonna text me anymore. 


TL;DR: I made a post on here saying I didn’t get the way my bf see love, because he said he didn’t love me and love is something you gotta build in a relationship. 90% of the answers I got was that I should leave him. I decided to break up based on the answers I got, and he accepted it. I got mad and it went down in a bad way. I still like him but I am lost and I don’t know if I should look back and try to fix it or move forward. He said he’s not gonna delete my number but will not text me anymore."|Dressa1996|False|https://redd.it/ekdito|0|0.4|0|5|1|relationships
ek78lu|2020-01-05 03:19:09|alcoholic mom and misogynist dad|"Hello all! I have been a lurker on this sub for a while and finally got the courage to write a post. Let me just start by saying and love and appreciate both of my parents deeply.

My (19F) mom and dad have been married for about 20 years, but they have always had issues between them and my mom has always had issues with alcohol. I feel that they got much worse when I was in high school, but it may have just seemed like that because I was becoming older and more aware.  It has definitely gotten worse since I left for college a year and a half ago though.

Before my parents met, they both had kids with previous partners and my dad was married, so I have two older half-brothers. When they had me soon after getting married, my dad allegedly begged my mom not to go back to work, so she stayed home and took care of me my whole life, even as I got older. This made her entirely financially dependent on my dad, who had a really good government job. We always had all the money we needed, so there wasn’t really a need for her to work. They always shared finances, but when he inherited money after my grandmother died, he refused to share it with my mom and made a separate account. He did not want my mom or my half-brother on my mom’s side (his step-son) to have any of it. This caused huge issues in their marriage. 

My mom is a lovely, happy, and generous person, but she drinks every single day and has the tendency to drink way too much. My brother and I have both had to take her home from family parties and clean up her puke on a few occasions. When she drinks like this, she gets angry, usually at my dad. However, I know what it’s like because it has been directed at me a couple times. She will start a fight by bringing up the past and continues to say versions of the same thing over and over. There is no escape, so when this happens my dad and I get in the car and and drive somewhere for a few hours before returning after she goes to sleep. She always apologizes to me in the morning about how she drank too much and got too emotional. I’ve never heard what she says to my dad though. My dad has gotten really tired of this over the years. 
However, my dad definitely is not the easiest person to talk to and probably has done some fucked up things. I might be able to see why she lashes out like this, but it’s hard to forgive when nothing ever changes.

My dad and I have a good relationship and he has always been sweet to me. He wasn’t super involved because he worked full-time and wasn’t into kiddie stuff like soccer games and dance recitals. We would always do puzzles, paint, and cook together on the weekends though. He does all of the cooking in the family. As I got older, we became able to talk about politics and science. He instilled in me a passion for science, which is what I currently study. However, he has always been pretty anti-social and my mom and I are much closer. Recently she has told me some of the things he has done that upset her and accuses him of misogyny. Here are a list of some of them:
- went to the “titty club” when she was 8 months pregnant 
- told her that men have mistresses for when their wives are on their periods
- called her a “new york slut” and told her that she wouldn’t have anything if it wasn’t for him 
- told my best friend’s mom that he would let her and my mom take his RV to a music festival if my best friend’s mom had sex with him
- when talking about how our family didn’t own a cow he said “well, we have you” to my mom
- threatened to leave her after she unexpectedly stayed the night at her friend’s house
- called her son (his step-son since he was 5) “not his problem”
- may or may not be cheating on her, like cheated on his ex-wife

Let me just say that I don’t think I have even seen my dad start a fight with my mom/do anything bad, but I believe that these things could be true. Either way, it is really hard for me to hear it about my dad. 

My mom is in counseling now and her therapist says that she should leave him, but her quality of life would definitely go down and she may need to go back to work even though she is getting older and has back issues. She is scared, so I don’t think she will ever leave him. My dad says that he cannot deal with my mom’s alcoholism, so he may leave her but he hasn’t told me. Then again, we aren’t as close and I am with my mom. 

Today is my last day at home and my started drinking at 3:30pm today without eating anything all day and just started yelling at my dad about how she wants me to be with a man that treats me better than he treats her. We were supposed to have one more family dinner, but my dad left and my mom is asleep now. She came to talk to me about all the horrible things my dad has done and told me not to marry a man like that. I said I was sorry, but the at getting drunk and yelling was not the answer. She said she just needed to numb the pain and insisted that everything she told me was true. She finally left me alone. 

I don’t know what to do. I am really worried about what would happen to my mom if they split up. I am also disgusted at my dad if what she said is true, but he was a great dad to me and I still love him. I feel horrible that my mom gave up her life for me and now has nothing if my dad leaves her.

This felt good to write down, I think I’m going to try to go to therapy in the new year. In the mean time, do you have any advice? How can I help my mom be strong? How can I maintain a relationship with my dad? If he is a misogynist, how does that affect his relationship with me, his daughter? How do I make sense of this?  

TL;DR: My mom alleges my dad is a misogynist who treats her horribly, so she gets drunk and yells at him. Repeatedly. However, she is completely financially dependent on him."|lost-hydroflask|False|https://redd.it/ek78lu|8|0.89|0|2|1|relationships
ekg27a|2020-01-05 17:32:57|Why did he (27) wanted me (27F) to pay all expenses|"My new BF and I just took our first big one day trip after 2 months of dating. What I found weird is that he had wanted me to pay all expenses and then later he electronically transferred his share from his bank account to mine. Why is this? Did he not trust my name? Or thinks I would be a gold digger? Or wants to see if I could afford with my card? The electronic transfer shows names. Also, he did have a debit card on him...which he used when he bought a gift for me during the trip. Initially, I was thinking he could not afford all expenses and I told him he can treat me another time, but he was persistent and wanted me to send all receipts so that he could calculate his share. So yea, not sure what was his game?

\--------------------------

TLDR: New BF of 2 months had wanted me to pay all expenses during our one day big trip and then he later electronically transferred his share to my bank account. What was his game? Did he not trust my name? Thought I'm gold digger? Wanted to see if I can afford? Initially, I was thinking he's broke, but he was persistent in receiving those receipts."|newfishdating|False|https://redd.it/ekg27a|0|0.4|0|38|1|relationships
ekd5c2|2020-01-05 13:41:52|Should I (M26) reach out to an old friend/coworker (F29)?|"I (M26) used to work with someone (F29) from March 2018 to July 2019 that I got very close to. A few times, she told me about her bf, who is abusive and I related to her my own struggle with an abusive ex and parent. We ended up going through some stuff at work because one of the other managers that she had worked with longer and was friendly with was making people uncomfortable and then I found out was sexually harassing her and had been for some time. She didn't want me to go to HR or anything though and she kept insisting she could handle it but I couldn't sit back and allow it to happen so I went to HR anyway. I told her afterwards that I went to HR. I know I betrayed her trust then but she admitted that it had to happen, she just wished I hadn't included her. After that manager was fired things were getting worse with her, she started showing up late and getting more and more frustrated at work. I always stood up for her because I knew her situation and the store manager didn't support her. He was sexist in his own right and didn't like anybody that wasn't in his ""boys club."" July of 2019, he waited until I was on my vacation and he fired her, they wanted me to replace her position and I couldn't... I quit a few days later. Fast forward a few weeks and her and I were still looking for better paying jobs. The manager that had harassed her was working at a large department store chain. They were still in touch with each other. Not realizing which store he worked at, I applied and told her. Then she anxiously told me that she applied to, thinking it was the same position... it was not. At first I was okay with everything, but after thinking about it, I couldn't understand why she would put herself in that position again with someone who she repeatedly told me made her uncomfortable. So I confronted her, and I said some messed up crap, and I asked her if she had lied to me. She denied it and accused me of crap and then we blocked each other. I always felt bad afterwards because I never should have said what I did. I always felt like I failed her because she ended up getting fired. Truth be told, I realized my feelings for her ran deeper than I thought and I was definitely falling for her. Anyways, recently I came across a book she loaned me when I was going through my book shelves, at the time she said it was her favorite. When she was fired, she forgot to take it from the store, and I grabbed it when I quit, hoping to return it to her. I've been wondering what to do with the book, I deleted her phone number and she still has me blocked on Facebook. I know where she lives, but don't know her Apartment number, otherwise I'd just mail it. I know where her bf works and she's usually there when she's not at wor but I dont want to cause any issues for her. So what do I do? I can't bring myself to get rid of the book and this is now triggering my anxiety and other emotions from the resulting fallout of everything that happened.

TL;DR: I (M26) was close with someone (F29) that I worked with from March 2018 to July 2019  but I'm no longer in contact with and I recently found a book that belonged to them that I can't bring myself to get rid of. Do I even attempt to get in touch with them or do I force myself to get rid of the book?"|Rev21193|False|https://redd.it/ekd5c2|1|0.67|0|3|1|relationships
ekb3k9|2020-01-05 09:54:20|My (m19) girlfriend (f19) still talks to someone that she made out with while we were broken up|"Title says it all, but I’ll give a little more background information. My girlfriend and I had been dating for a year and a half. We began dating in the second half of our senior year in high school and continued our relationship throughout our first year of going to the same university. Early on in our second year, we began to drift apart due to the stress that university was putting on us so we decided that it was best if we ended things while the two of us were still on good terms. We seldom talked for months, only texting each other about rather impactful personal problems. 

That is until my lacrosse team’s winter formal. It’s a night where you and a date dress nice and attend a party. I had arranged to take a couple of other girls, but I canceled those plans as I just wasn’t ready to take someone else to an event like that. I made other plans to hang out with my boys that night instead, but in an odd turn of events my then ex and I met for coffee, attended date party as friends, kissed, and began talking to each other again. We haven’t been official, but she spends the night at my apartment about every other night and things have been great between us ever since.

She had told me a couple of nights after our formal that she had kissed two people while we were broken up. That was no big deal, we were broken up, no need to stress about it. 

Last night we were talking about what our lives were like when we weren’t together, mostly laughing with each other about our misfortunes. At some point, out of curiosity, I asked half-seriously and half-jokingly if she still talks to the people that she kissed. She told me that she still talks to the one. She explained that her depression was the worst that it had ever been (Since we weren’t talking I didn’t know how bad it had really gotten) and the guy that she kissed was her roommate’s boyfriend’s roommate. She had spent a lot of time hanging out at their place and her and the guy that she kissed got close and he was able to help her get through a rough time. She says that it was a mistake and she never had feelings for him, and I have no reason to believe otherwise.

I am infinitely grateful that she had someone to help her, and in a odd way I appreciate that guy being there for her. When I talked to my friends about it they said that they would be weary about her and the guy that she kissed and that I should tell her not go over to their apartment. Me saying something like that just doesn’t seem right to me. It would be a huge invasion of her individuality to tell her where and where not to go and who and who not to hang out with, and quite frankly, extremely controlling. Instead, I asked her to just let me know when she goes over to their apartment, and she said that’s fair.

I know that her going over there when the next semester rolls around is going to make me uncomfortable, but I also understand that the friendship that the two of them have means something to her. I trust her without a grain of doubt, but I have never met the guy that she kissed. The only worry that crosses my mind is him making a move on her. We’ve communicated about this well, but I’m not sure where to go from here.

tl;dr my girlfriend kissed a guy who helped her with her depression while we were broken up, and I am not sure where to go from here."|Pillowofdirt|False|https://redd.it/ekb3k9|2|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ek7mif|2020-01-05 03:52:58|My (M14) physically and emotionally abusive father (M50) is threatening to forcefully take me back after I have already moved out.|"I've moved away from my abusive dad's place, and I've been gone for roughly 6 months now. He's said multiple times before I left that he wishes I was out of his life, so I moved in with my aunt (F59). Things are wonderful here, and she understands that I don't want to go back to my dad's place. My aunt has temporary custody over me that lasts for a year, and we'll have to get my dad to sign it again in 6 months. That would be fine if my dad wasn't constantly threatening and guilt-tripping me. I don't think he's willing to sign again.

He has my phone number, and he calls repetitively saying that if I don't call him every night before I go to bed he'll call the police. He's threatened me and others like this before, but never over something so petty. I'm not emotionally ready to talk to him, especially because I know he isn't sober. He threatened me and my aunt saying that he will forcefully drag me into his car because I am his child and he has the right to do so. I'm very scared of how to take the next step, and I need to know; should I continue to talk to him even though it makes me sob to hear his voice, or should I ignore him and risk him trying to take me away?


TL;DR: My dad (M50) was abusive, but I (M14) moved into my aunt's (F59) place. He threatens to call the police on me and my aunt ( even though she has legal temporary custody over me ) if I don't talk to him every night, and the sound of his voice makes me cry. He even said he would forcefully drag me into his car and take me away if I don't. Should I ignore his threats or give in to them?"|rofrantic|False|https://redd.it/ek7mif|6|0.88|0|12|1|relationships
ek9upj|2020-01-05 07:27:59|Virgin In a Relationship For the First Time|"TLDR; I'm a virgin (19 f) dating a nonvirgin (20 m).  I like everything else about this guy except for the fact that he isn't a virgin, since I've always viewed sex as something that should only be done with one person. It's killing me inside and I wonder if I should just end the relationship before it goes too far and we both get really hurt from building up our relationship before ending it because of my old fashioned view on sex. Having nowhere else to go for guidance, I turned to reddit in hopes of finding some resolution

**Edit**: I forgot to mention a couple important things. He's told me he's willing to wait till marriage to have sex again and he's in no rush to do anything physical if I'm not comfortable with it. It sucks that he's so sweet and the only thing that keeps bothering me is that he's done something so intimate with other people. My view on sex isn't based on religion or insecurity, I just take it really seriously, being the hopeless romantic I am.

**Edit 2:** I don't think I will ever be able to completely let it go but after reading comments that suggested changing my view on his sexual past, I will try not to dwell on it which shouldn't be too hard once uni starts again. I can only let time wear away my pain and play my part in keeping a healthy relationship. I've decided that I do want us to work because I really do like him and it would really suck if we broke it off because I value virginity over personality and everything else that comes with a person. I may not have gotten what I wanted but I do want to maintain what I have. If I have a daughter in the future though, I would definitely encourage her to practice safe premarital sex. It hurts far too much otherwise.

&#x200B;

I'm dating this guy (let's call him Tim) for about a month (friends for a year) and we get along really well on an intellectual and emotional level. He's honest almost to a fault and very sweet which I find contrasts nicely to his ambitious plans for his future career. Our interests line up and when they don't, it's usually fun to discuss. Except for one thing. I had a bit of a crush on him when we were just friends before having it end when I found out he's slept with two other people. I've always been a bit of a naive, hopeless romantic, believing that I would only want to have sex with one person and that person would only have me. I'm well aware that people's opinions on sex differ, but for me sex is something special that I would want to share with one person. I was so confident I would hold on to this view on sex that I was sure I'd be completely fine with being single my whole life if it meant there wasn't going to be a single decent virgin guy who would want to be with me. Until I met Tim.

Being a shy person, I didn't really talk to him for awhile unless I had to(we met at a bakery we worked at) but soon I found out that it was fun and easy to talk to him. Unlike me, he was laid back and sociable. Maybe it was just because I was forced to work with someone my age but it was really easy to talk to him. Half a year after we met, I had since developed a bit of a crush on him which disappeared when I found out he'd slept with two other people back in high school. It crushed me for a bit but I was fine; it was only a harmless crush and I really liked him as a person so I wanted to continue being friends. I still firmly wanted to find someone who was saving themselves for marriage like me.

Tim and I continued being just friends for another half a year, texting the whole time and meeting up now and again. During Thanksgiving break, he visited my uni and we hung out an entire day, watching movies and going out for food. Although I had a fun time, I became increasingly weary of the feelings I was suppressing bubbling up. He was also kind of flirty the entire day and from that I had a feeling he was going to do something that would make me completely aware that he had feelings for me. Later on that night we invited a person to watch a movie with us. I guess that person noticed something I didn't and asked if we were just friends. Already weary that Tim might have feelings for me, I did something that would not outright reject him but I hoped would deter him from trying to do anything that would force me to confront my own feelings. I responded nooo, and said that just because Tim was cute didn't mean I was into him like that. Tim was a little offended and I felt guilty but felt it was necessary. I should have known that Tim would be upfront with his feelings anyway, being the honest person he is. He stayed until 3 am and right before he left, he confessed he liked me and stated that he already knew my answer and it was fine. I think it was a mix of my ego of wanting to prove him wrong, the fact that it was 3 am, and the feelings I'd been suppressing for so long, but to both of our surprises, I asked him out. He was stunned but agreed.

That night not only did I realize my genuine interest in being with someone for the first time, but I went against my longstanding ideal: being with someone who shared the same view on sex as me. It was his first time being asked out and my first relationship. Although we still get along abnormally well, a lot has changed since we've started going out; we make more effort to see each other and became more physically affectionate. I didn't realize how much I liked being hugged and holding hands. I've also become a lot more open with him. It was like a lid had opened. It surprised me how comfortable I was with talking about my emotions and talking about sex. I admitted to him that I was a virgin (initially led him to believe I wasn't) and that I stopped liking him for awhile because he wasn't. We still mostly talk via text and I don't think I can express quite accurately the depth of my pain and disappointment that I didn't end up with someone who shared the same view as me. He gently told me it was unfair for me to be disappointed that he wasn't a virgin and that there was nothing he could about it. It was a fact of his life and he could either hate himself for it or accept that these things sometimes happen.  He told me he understands it's tough for me to get over since it was something that was important to me for a long time.

With the two girls he's slept with, he'd hoped each one was his last. His relationships weren't long, his longest one was less than five months. He's told me that he regrets his relationships because he'd gotten into them because he wanted to feel wanted and not because he wanted to be with the other person. He regretted losing his virginity after he realized how little that relationship meant to him. As much as I feel sad that he was so insecure, secretly I wish he'd waited to see if he was compatible with the people he dated before getting physical. He assures me that I'm worlds apart from any of his relationships he's had but I can't help but feel incredibly disappointed and sad. What's so special about being the fifth person he's done sexual things with? Being the masochist that I am, every time I feel alright with his past, I ask him a question about his sex life. He's honest to a fault and because we mostly keep contact through text, he has no idea how much it kills me when he answers. I know I shouldn't have but I've asked him which positions he's tried and where he's had sex. I know I shouldn't have but I felt like I needed to know. I really hoped that at the very least he hadn't brought a girl to his bedroom. I became upset upon finding out he's had sex in his bed once when his parents weren't home and right now I feel like I don't ever want to visit his room. It's so immature to think this way but I can't help feeling down that he's had sex in such a personal space. We have a date coming up and part of it involves seeing a movie at his house but I really don't think I can go and meet his family with this mindset. I don't want to be yet another girl he brings home. I can't stop thinking about the detail about his bed and I keep asking myself should we break up so I stop feeling this pain? Even if I tell myself that he was the one who broke up with the people he's slept with and that he's with me now, the fact that he's had sex in intimate positions while I've been waiting my entire life is always at the back of my mind.

We have a pretty healthy relationship except for the fact that I secretly hold the fact that he's not a virgin against him. I can't stop feeling so awful about it. I really like him as a person and I don't want to hurt him. But it really is killing me inside and I don't know how much more I'm going to end up asking and knowing about his past sex life before I'm completely broken up inside. I fear that eventually I'll build up not only disappointment but also resentment towards him and I'll forget why I liked him in the first place. I don't know if it's better to wait for time to heal this pain and try to work through this or break up before it goes further."|ProblematicRomantic|False|https://redd.it/ek9upj|4|0.64|0|12|1|relationships
ek42sh|2020-01-04 23:03:55|How can I [25F] communicate to my partner [25M] that his ADHD needs to be addressed?|"I hope this doesn’t sound like I’m insensitive to my partner’s issues, and I don’t want to make him sound like a terrible person.  I truly love him and he’s a wonderful partner and human being, one of the kindest and funniest people I know.  However, his ADHD lately has made him come off as inconsiderate.  I’ve known he’s ADHD before we started dating, but I can tell (or have just noticed) it’s amplified now that we live together.  If you didn’t really know my partner and had a single interaction with him, you might think he’s kind of rude.


Lately he’s been talking over people more, he doesn’t retain most information in conversations we have, and seems to be speaking impulsively without a filter.  To be honest, he talks *so much* without actually “saying anything”.  He has absolutely awful time management and planning skills.  I’m always reminding him of my work hours (they don’t change), and we literally can’t get ready to go anywhere while the TV is on because it will take him twice as long.  I have to ask him periodically to go through his mail because he’ll just let it pile up for months.  I think of gifts for his family on special occasions because if I don’t they won’t get anything from him, or they’ll get it weeks later.  He has pretty much no self awareness.  I had to stop him the other day from stepping into the street in front of a car.  He has a naturally loud voice and doesn’t really realize that even his actions are noisier than most people, I often have to ask him to lower his voice because it’s almost like he’s yelling at me lol.  And a few weeks ago we were exiting a store (from the time we checked out, to the time we exited the store, he was already buried in his phone, on reddit) and I had to get his attention several times and ask him to put his phone away, because I noticed an OBVIOUSLY suspicious man hanging out in the parking lot looking right at us, about to walk towards us.  I gave the guy a look and he turned and walked the other direction, but I felt sad that I didn’t even feel safe with my partner there, he’s just so oblivious.  I think the biggest issue here is that I don’t feel comfortable being a passenger while he drives, because he gets distracted so easily (he doesn’t think so though).


I feel like all of these behaviors are starting to pile up and I’m starting to become resentful.  I’m not an angry person so I never get outwardly upset at him for any of this, I’m honestly just really annoyed. I do give him reminders ahead of time when we need to go somewhere and gently ask him to not interrupt or lower his voice etc. 


He got diagnosed as a child and briefly took medication as a teenager, but he stopped them because he didn’t like the way he felt on them, which I can understand.  However, he doesn’t really have any coping mechanisms/skills that I’m aware of or that he’s told me about.  I don’t want to pressure him to take any meds, but I do feel that his ADHD needs to at least be addressed somehow, even if that means going to a therapist to learn how to better manage this.  If it meant me going so I could learn how to be a better partner and help him, I would be all for it as well.


I would greatly appreciate the perspective of someone who has ADHD, or is in a relationship with someone who has it.  I would like to bring this up to my partner in a sensitive and tasteful way.


TLDR: my partners ADHD is making him appear inconsiderate, how can kindly bring this up and ask him to address the behaviors?"|spirituallyprivate|False|https://redd.it/ek42sh|15|0.8|0|22|1|relationships
ekcv1i|2020-01-05 13:14:17|I (m19) am going to confront a girl (f19) who has been ghosting me a bit about a night at a bar|"So we met on tinder and we became good friends after we had a real deep talk after a heavy night for her. I was there for her and she was there for me. Couple weeks after I seen her at the bar and we hung out and she ditched her friend to hang with me. She was touching my arm and we were hugging at points in the night. After the bar closed we were waiting around for her DD. We were pretty close and I was trying to keep her warm so I gave her my jacket to wear. I was kind of holding her and keeping her warm by rubbing her arms a bit and back and she looked at me. I looked at her and after a couple moments of staring I kissed her forehead. It's a double edged sword. It was a moment of bliss for me but also I regret doing it. i don't know if it was the right move. I don't think it was. I'm seeing her today to get my friends beanie from her from a night at the bar. I plan to ask her if she remembers it. If so i'm going to ask if she felt anything from it. If it meant anything to her. I know it's just a forehead kiss but I feel like it was too much. Maybe too quick. There's more to this but if you care enough about this to comment you can ask me for more details.

TL;DR  i kissed a girls forehead that i liked a lot and dont know if she felt anything from it and i beat myself up over it and need some advice on how to carry forward.

&#x200B;

EDIT: After reading comments and getting the input I asked for I think i'm going to just let it go and not say it. It is the best choice and I see my own faults as well. Thank you all for helping :)"|skidaddle_MrPoodle|False|https://redd.it/ekcv1i|1|0.66|0|13|1|relationships
ekcedg|2020-01-05 12:25:53|"""Confused and disappointed in myself after first date"|"So, I (28M)  met this girl (30F) through an online dating app around a week ago. We hit it off pretty well, talked for hours and met for our first date yesterday. It went on for 12hours, from lunch to 1 A.M. Things escalated pretty quickly and soon after lunch we were at her place where we shared our first kiss. She had some experience in kissing but for me it was a first. (we are both virgins too) At first i was clueless on what to do xD but quickly i caught on and started having a good time with it.

Now here is the thing, I was having fun while the excitement of discovery was going on. After a while, it felt kind of bland. Like i was disconnected or something. Just going through the motions. As things heated up and she started to grind and dry straddle me I thought i would start to get aroused but I didn't. My buddy who lives downstairs was unresponsive. I didn't feel nervous or anxious, I think. I just expected it to happen and when it didn't it kind of ruined the night for me :/It got even worse when, towards the end of the night she invited me to fondle and taste her breasts and I gladly did, still... no reaction downstairs, even as I watched her have pleasure from it. And me enjoying giving it to her...I felt nothing on my end...I even faked moans of my own to help her have her enjoyment....

Is something wrong with me? She is not a magazine cover model but then again neither am I, I was seduced by her personality and her intelligence not exactly her body but it feels like i should at least be feeling SOMETHING... anything!

I have massive libido on my own, and I just thought it would translate immediately once I finally got it on with a woman instead of on my own, even if it was not her physique that drew me to her in the first place.

Now here i am, barely 12 hours after the fact, feeling like trash because I might be leading this girl on, and will surelly end up breaking her heart if this goes on like this. She was super into just cuddling and soft kissing while listening to these disney princess romance songs on her spotify but to me that was just....well...boring as hell. And i kind of hate myself for it. Its a dream of hers i guess. And I was making it reality.

I waited 28 years of my life and my first 1 on 1 experience with a woman ends up like this... Me unmotivated and unaroused and her, in a bliss of misdirection of my making. Sometime in the middle she asked if this meant we are now BF and GF to which i answered yes. I just couldn't bring myself to ruin her moment. I really hope this is something i can fix. I don't want to let this wonderfull woman slip through my fingers but I don't want to lead her on if this is headed nowhere. She deserves better than that.

What do I do? Should I keep trying? It was just one date after all. I am so lost on what to do...

TL;DR   First Kiss/Makeout session didn't arouse me at all, even when things heated up further. Something wrong with me?"|Thundermourne|False|https://redd.it/ekcedg|1|0.57|0|19|1|relationships
ek79wh|2020-01-05 03:22:11|I [24F] think my roommate [25F] may be a hoarder, and I don't know how to start a conversation asking her to keep our common areas clean.|"I've lived with my roommate for a year and four months now. We didn't know each other previously and connected through our other roommate \[25F\] who knew her as a friend of a friend. 

The main issue at hand is that she will leave food out on the coffee table for several hours. She goes back and forth between her room and our living room, often leaving open containers of food, which is especially problematic because we have dealt with both ants and fruit flies over the last year. This may seem somewhat trivial, so I'm going to expand a little bit.

I haven't seen the inside of my roommate's room in several months, but the last time I did, I couldn't see the floor. There were clothes, boxes, and empty food containers piled up everywhere. I figure that it isn't my business until it affects me and/or the common living areas of our apartment, so I didn't say anything. It also kind of seems like she deliberately avoids opening the door to her room if I am standing in a place where her doing so would allow me to see inside. I've noticed this a couple times now, but I could just be imagining it. She once accidentally left the apartment while my cat was in her room, trapping him inside. I communicated with her via text to see if he was in there (I could hear him) and if she could let him out because I didn't know she had left, and she apologized for the state of her room when I ended up letting him out. This is what leads me to believe that she is embarrassed by the state of her room and doesn't want me to see inside. 

She has a habit of leaving perishable food on top of our microwave rather than putting it in the fridge, and she left the majority of her Christmas decorations up until late April last year. She never takes out the trash or the recycling, never empties the dishwasher, never vacuums, and never sweeps or wipes down the kitchen, even after baking, which she does often...which means that my kitchen is often covered by a layer of flour.

Clearly, I have a lot of pent up frustration with her in general, so I'm wondering if maybe this particular issue (food left out) isn't actually something I need to bring up and is instead just a culmination of my frustration. I've been trying to be more direct with people in general over the last couple years, but the passive nature of our relationship is making it difficult to see this clearly.

I suppose my questions are:

1. Do I need to say something to her?
2. How do I start the conversation?

&#x200B;

TL;DR:  My roommate is kind of a slob, and I don't know when it's appropriate to bring it up or what I should say."|gradstudent1995|False|https://redd.it/ek79wh|4|0.73|0|2|1|relationships
ek7t6n|2020-01-05 04:09:51|My trust issues are killing me|"I’m a 21 year old female and my boyfriend is 23. We’ve been together for 6 months but we knew each other for 2 years. He hasn’t given me any sign that he is cheating but my trust issues are so bad that I think maybe he is when i’m not there. It’s just so easy to delete messages, call logs, etc that it makes me sick to think about. 
How do you know for sure that someone is being honest? you never know. It’s just scary because you could completely trust someone, they seem like they would never hurt you, they show you all the positive signs that they love you but they could still be cheating or cheat. 

My trust issues are so bad that when my boyfriend is out I assume he’s doing something he shouldn’t every time. Everyday the thought of him possibly cheating comes to my mind. I love him dearly and i don’t want to drive him away cause of my own insecurities, but I just can’t help my thoughts. I hate that I think this way, it’s becoming tiring because I just want to be happy in my relationship but I’m worrying every day that he could be cheating. 

I have been cheated on in the past and everyone I know has been cheated on so that doesn’t help my way of thinking either. I just don’t know what to do to fix my trust issues. I know he loves me and I don’t think that he is cheating or has cheated, but from past experiences and from others experiences it’s easy for people to be deceiving.

TL:DR - I have extreme trust issues which have been triggered from past experiences, how do I overcome it?"|idkletscry|False|https://redd.it/ek7t6n|3|0.86|0|8|1|relationships
ek8s7f|2020-01-05 05:36:42|I haven't confessed to my crush of 4 years|"I used to play minecraft with this girl from my primary school (middle school for some of you), we used to play regularly on every weekend whenever we had free time. 

She had gymnastics practice sometimes so I would make beautiful & amazing structures in minecraft before she came back trying to impress her. Whenever she came back and went ""whoaa"", l was the proudest 10 year old kid alive.

But the thing is, I never had the guts to even say that I liked her, I don't know what I was afraid of, whether it was rejection, or I would lose this valuable friendship. I just know that it really pains me that I didn't do anything at that point in time.

We kinda drifted apart during secondary school (junior high school) and didn't really play together anymore but I still had feelings for her till the age of 13. 

Fast forward another 7 years, we're all 20 years old now, my primary school mates coincidentally became intern partners and one thing led to another and we had a class gathering. 

I met her again and found out she has a boyfriend of 1.5 years already (she's the date to marry kind and so am I). She however, was just as I remembered her to be, as one of the nicest girls I'll ever know and naturally selfless. 

It just really had an impact on me that I never managed to express my feelings for her, and even till this day, I still sometimes feel some things for her. That would make it 10 years of crushing on her. 

To all of you guys & girls, if you ever feel like you like someone, just tell them, because the long term regret of not doing it is far more painful than the short term pain of straight up rejection. 

On the plus side, the experience has made me shoot all the shots that are presented to me, and I make it a point to do things so that I won't ever regret in the future.

What are your thoughts & similar experiences guys? 

TL;DR: had a crush on girl for 4 years, didn't confess and regretted it for half of my life."|Brandnewson|False|https://redd.it/ek8s7f|3|1.0|0|0|1|relationships
ek8r19|2020-01-05 05:33:31|I (24f) asked my friend (22m) to mail me an important keepsake that I forgot, and 4 months later he still hasn't done it|"This is an embarrassing story to begin with, and even more so that it's stretched to many months of this. Here we go. In September, I was visiting friends in the city I used to live in - a city about 6 hours away from me. I stayed at a horrible shared Airbnb to save money (cheap evidently means crappy and scary). One of the friends I met up with coincidentally lived two minutes away from my Airbnb, and we met up for dinner one night. He's super nice, and offered to pay for my dinner but I graciously declined because he's still a student. Let's call him Daniel.

Flash forward to a few days later. I left the city to have a cottage weekend with friends for the weekend - another 4 hours in a different direction. Once I was there, I was horrified to realize that I forgot a special keepsake at my Airbnb - I don't know how to describe this without sounding incredibly lame, but it's a special item that my boyfriend gave me at the beginning of our relationship and it's really important to me. Replaceable, but with a lot of sadness as it has a lot of meaning to it. I was so upset and the Airbnb host wasn't answering any of my messages or calls. Not surprising, it was pretty sketchily run so this was the worst case scenario. I was pretty sure that it was gone forever.

I took a chance and asked Daniel if he could do this huge favour for me. I explained that the Airbnb was sketchy so it was up to him, but I would really appreciate it. He said no problem, he would check it out. Cue a couple hours later, he told me he had it! I was overjoyed and SO relieved I actually cried. He told me he would mail it the next day.

A couple weeks later, I was growing uneasy because it hadn't arrived. I was embarrassed to ask him about it again but I did, and he admitted that he had just sent it the day before because he misplaced the item. I didn't even really care that he thought he lost it, I was just happy he sent it. I waited another two weeks and messaged again. I asked if he sent it to the right address (he said he was sure he did), if he got a tracking number (he hadn't). He assured me it would come soon. Another week passed, and at this point I was coming to terms with the idea that it probably wasn't coming. I thought maybe it had gotten lost in the mail, or maybe he hadn't sent it at all - but I couldn't imagine him keeping up a big lie like that with my expectation that it was coming. I tried not to think about it, but I was tired of messaging him repeatedly and not really getting any closure. What could I do? It was a sinking feeling, but I stopped.

About two months later, I got a message from Daniel. It was my birthday. This was the first time he had reached out about this without me asking first. His message was something like ""Happy birthday! My present to you is the package got sent back to me because apparently I put the wrong address on it. I'll resend it soon!"" Again I was relieved, and annoyed because I want this to be over. I told him no problem, send whenever you can! Two weeks later, I ask for an update. He says sorry, busy with exams, hasn't had a chance but he will soon. Another two weeks go by: late December I message asking if he sent it, with no answer. I'm guessing he was already at home with his family and had obviously not mailed it yet, hence the no response.

So I'm planning on texting him again when I know he's back in the city after the holidays, which should be soon. I don't know what to say, because at this point I just want an answer. I'm thinking of maybe asking him if he would rather I get one of my other (closer) friends to pick it up and send it, because I know she would do it and actually communicate with me. But I don't want to offend Daniel if he's been genuinely busy. I'm not planning on going to that city any time soon but my boyfriend and I have discussed making the drive just to get the damn thing. I'm just frustrated because this could have been over with months ago, and i'm also confused because I don't understand why Daniel hasn't made the time. If a friend asked this of me, it would have been sent out the next day. I know it's not intentional but it feels like my item is being kept hostage.

TLDR: A friend helped me out in recovering a lost keepsake, but 4 months later still hasn't mailed it to me. How do I approach this in the best way? At this point I don't trust him and it's making me very anxious without having closure on it."|throwaway4530634953|False|https://redd.it/ek8r19|1|0.8|0|4|1|relationships
ekfw73|2020-01-05 17:20:59|Could she need a psychologist?|"Hi everyone.

I really love my gf, but sometimes I think she has some weird behaviors..do you think I should suggest her really kindly to have a visit with a psychologist?

- she is a really jealous and selfish girl, I admit it; when we had dinner at her house she never wanted to share her dish with me (wtf?) or wanted me to take something more from her fridge. Other times she didn't want to be woken up at 7.30 am after an exam (we slept together) because I wanted to help a friend of us with her studies...she didn't have to to wake up, it was just me...she could have slept a bit more....and so it starts the argument...

- she is hypocondriac, she often feels pain in different part of her body. I booked for her a lot of visits through some friends of mine for her, other times I brought her to the emergency room because she was feeling bad. Other times she had chest, heart, eye, brain, skin, neck or knee pains and I brought her to see different doctors who kept telling nothing was wrong (mainly maybe just anxiety or stress?). Another times I talked to my family doctor to just give her some placebo (as her own mum told me to do) in order to make her feel better - she had bowel problems that time.

- she needs a lot of attentions, I wanted to give her those...but sometimes they were too much even for me...sometimes I had to study for my exams (especially during last summer I just wanted to complete my exams in order to stay with her later the whole summer and helping her studying, since the previous summer I went to study in the USA at NYU for an anatomy project). And she got mad over it and started crying and crying. 

I think I am quite a good guy...but when people start complaining and wanting more and more for no rational reason...I just lose my patience. But after a while I go back and give a big hug. I don't care if she is needy and keep asking for more...I love her and that is enough for me!

- another time...she started going to the psycologist because.... she just couldn't stop masturbating or thinking about it (our sex life was normal...) and that was just so random for me, but ok, never mind, I love her and so we can overcome this. She stopped studying and doing other stuff and started laying on her bed all day crying because all she could do or think about was fapping. It was a bit weird for me...but I didn't care.

her psychologist told her she would have needed a psychiatrist but she never went to see one.

I just suggested to stay with me or go running together or keeping busy with some hobbies. Sometimes our students' life is quite monotonous.

- She couldn't orgasm during sex and it was like a big problem to her...she could do it just by herself and in a certain weird manner (like keeping her legs straight rigid and doing some weird movements) but I thought that was her and It was ok. She told me se has always done it that way since she was really young (4 yo?) and her parents seeing her doing that told her to stop.

- she is instagram-addicted...like always checking for likes and wanting more and more likes from everyone...and if someone (friends?) didn't leave a like...she told they had problems with her.

I just told her ""no, don't worry, maybe they just didn't see that pic, it is not a problem"".

- on a New Year's Eve we were in my house near a ski resort and after dinner before going out she decided to put a picture of us on IG...but after a while she told me ""maybe it's better to put it tomorrow at a different time, since at the moment not many people will see that and leave a like\comment""...at this point I really got upset because I think that if you are engaged and love someone...you don't care about that shit, you just upload a picture you like and that's it, you should be done and happy with that.

- many times I tried to make her reflect about how she behaved or that she was overreacting to something, and as a response she got more and more angry till she started crying and then, all of a sudden, came back at normality...in really little time...this was quite weird for me, since if I got angry for something...I need to take some time to cool down.

As written, she already went to some visits really rarely...
What should I do?
I try to be supportive as much as possible but sometimes it seems I can’t do much.

Tldr: gf has some weird behaviors, what to do?"|trowaway121114|False|https://redd.it/ekfw73|0|0.2|0|2|1|relationships
ek9x9h|2020-01-05 07:36:10|30F, just left my emotionally abusive relationship with 28M. Still have some stuff at his place, how to get it back?|"I just made the difficult decision to get out of my crazy-making, gaslighting, emotionally abusive relationship of—and this is the cincher!—only a little more than half a year. It is upsetting to me, and shameful, that I'd experienced abuse in this quickly a timeframe, and I am only grateful that I've been able to get myself out as quickly as I have.

My question is: I still have some important stuff of mine at his place. I'm scared of him, like, actually afraid he might try to do something to hurt me, or try to do some damage to himself (he's tried to do this in the past when I tried to leave—banging his head against a wall, begging me to stay etc). and I just don't want to physically be present while trying to get my things. How do I get them anyway? Asking him to send me a box is unlikely to work because I figure he'll try to do some damage to my things if I try to get him to collect them. I guess I could ask a friend to come with me, but I hate burdening my friends with this.

I just feel so emotionally exhausted and broken and can't wait to move on.

TL;DR: just left my emotionally abusive ex but still have plenty of my belongings at his place. How to get them back?"|gaslit_no_more3|False|https://redd.it/ek9x9h|2|0.75|0|2|1|relationships
ek9vik|2020-01-05 07:30:36|I (37F) found out that my sister's (33F) deceased husband (35M) was cheating on her the entire time. Do I tell her?|"Sisters husband of 6 years died in a car crash. They lived on the first floor of our brownstone. After he died, my sister decided to move away. She left me a bunch of stuff from the first floor as she couldn't take all of it. I found a cell phone, hidden away in the back compartment of his drawer. My first thought was that this phone must have been like a decade old. It was one of those weird sideways flip phones with button keys. I thought it must have been mine from when this furniture was mine originally, and so I checked it. Instead, what I saw were text messages between the husband and other women. One women had texts going back two years. Some of the texts with other woman went back to 2014. I wanted to cry. He was cheating on her this entire time. It wasn't just one night stands, it was a continuous affair with this one woman for two whole years. 

&#x200B;

I told my husband, right away. He said never to tell her. I... am not so sure. Their marriage was a mess, and I think by the last year or two of their marriage she had begun to hate him a tiny bit. You could hear them yelling at each other through the floors, never about cheating shockingly, but about just everything else. Dishes, their dog, money, playing too much video games etc. But when he died, she felt overburdened by sadness and felt like she was a terrible wife for screaming at him and fighting with him over everything. She kept telling me how horrible she felt for that stuff, because according to her, deep down he was a good husband, and he didn't deserve the shit she gave him. I didn't agree, frankly, even besides the cheating, he was lazy, irresponsible, and inconsiderate. A fun guy to be around and very charismatic, but I wouldn't STAND to be married to him. Pretty much every fight she picked with him, he deserved it, even if she would sometimes overreact. And now it turns out he was also cheating on her the entire marriage. 

&#x200B;

I've been thinking about this for a week now. Its been 3 months since the incident, and she is still somewhat riddled with guilt over her being a 'bad wife' sometimes. We would talk about this a lot. 

&#x200B;

I feel like if I told her he was cheating, she wouldn't feel guilty anymore, right? Like she wasn't being a bad wife, he was the bad husband... and maybe she shouldn't feel so horrible about this. 

&#x200B;

Tl;DR - - found out my sisters husband was cheating on her. He died, and I am not sure if I should tell her or not."|queyuutymu13|False|https://redd.it/ek9vik|2|0.75|0|11|1|relationships
ek7gic|2020-01-05 03:38:30|How to me (M20) become more active in my social inveronment even though it was 4 years from the last time i socialized?|"4 years later I felt that I became an extreme introvert.  I didn't say that I used to be extrovert, but at the very least, even though I had a hard time dealing with other people, I could still socialize.  For the past 4 years I have withdrawn from the community, initially my goal was good, to avoid the bad influence of the surrounding environment, but I realized, I chose the wrong path.  I once tried to regroup with the surrounding environment, but I became uneasy because they tried hard so we could be of one frequency, but it was very difficult.  3 times I tried it and I feel that my presence makes them more restrained and makes them less free.  What should I do?

Tl;dr how to socialize like extrovert with extrovert?"|MasPri37|False|https://redd.it/ek7gic|5|0.84|0|1|1|relationships
ek0urp|2020-01-04 19:07:02|My (22 F) grandad (81) is dying and I don't know what to do|"Not sure if this belongs here, but it's a bit of a sticky one. My parents weren't great, so naturally my grand parents took on the role of raising me most of the time. Recently I've found out that my grandad, who I view as my father figure, has terminal cancer and I don't know how long he has left. This has come as a complete surprise and I just need advice on what I can try to do to just not break down, keep my mental health in check and basically any advice really.

Tl:dr grandad is dying, what do."|thatanglogorl|False|https://redd.it/ek0urp|18|0.92|0|9|1|relationships
ek7e48|2020-01-05 03:32:40|I (29F) am infatuated with my coworker (41M) but I need to get over it.|"When I first met my coworker, I was in a serious but unsatisfying relationship with my boyfriend of 2 years. Still, I was charmed by my coworker and enjoyed talking to him in passing. Also, unlike anyone I've ever met, his personality reminds me of my first boyfriend who died just five years ago, which totally fucked me my emotions for a while. 

Eight months later, I'm totally infatuated with this coworker and comfortably single. Seeing him at work drives me crazy--I've had at least 8 sex dreams about him, including one where we were the characters of a Hallmark movie (I read this stupid New Yorker article about Hallmark and it went straight into my dreams). 

This guy is kind, handsome, shares interests and values, and we laugh a lot together (and I think he's single, which only drives the fantasy). However, my job is important and I don't want the workplace drama of dating a coworker (also, logically too old for me by my preferences but my idiotic brain doesn't register this). This doesn't make sense to my rational self.

I am at the point where I am awkward around him, I forget how to use the printer, he walks by my desk and I forget whatever I'm doing (he walks by my desk a lot because of our desk layouts and my brain just STOPS WORKING), and I can see him very easily in my peripheral vision and can't help but watch him on occasion (he moves at his desk and I twitch). Obsessing over him like this disrupts my ability to work for no good reason and that stresses me out a lot. I was just promoted and I take my work seriously when my brain isn't imagining fucking him in our filing room. 

I do get the sense he's amused by the palpable tension, but I don't want to go down this path. 

How do I get over being into this guy? 

**tldr;** I'm into my coworker who reminds me of my ex and I'm super awkward around him. Now that I'm single, the tension is worse and it's interfering with my worklife."|starmanziggy|False|https://redd.it/ek7e48|4|1.0|0|8|1|relationships
ek0ar2|2020-01-04 18:26:18|How can I [F22] help my Mum [F50] cope with the estrangement of my sister [F21]|"My sister \[F21\] has a range of mental health issues and has cut out the entire family for half a year. Her recollection of our childhood differs greatly from mine and the rest of the family's. She sees us as having had an abusive upbringing and blames my Dad for being the aggressor and my Mum for letting it happen.

&#x200B;

I've listened to what she has to say, spoken to friends she's confided in, and tried very hard to see things form her perspective. I've also spent a lot of time mulling over the worst parts of our childhoods, have read books about abuse and have spoken to my friends who were abused as children. Although they had bad moments, I think my parents were very good parents and I definitely don't see them as abusive. That said it's very difficult to convey that to her, especially as  it's easy to label certain things as victim-blaming/gaslighting/downplaying abuse when they're taken out of context. It's made worse by how emotional I get when I try to talk to her. Because of this, I'm closed to discussing any of the 'abuse' with her. She knows my opinion and I'd rather move forward and try and have some sort of relationship with her for her and my parent's sake.

&#x200B;

That said, I'm really worried about my Mum. I can see how torn up she is and it's probably made even worse by the fact this isn't her first loss (she lost my older sister to a stillbirth). My Mum is functioning and has a good, enjoyable life, but I know that she's in a lot of pain and is trying to put on a brave face for the family.

&#x200B;

I've always thought the best way to help her is to make sure she never has to worry about me, so I've been vigilant in maintaining good mental health and a healthy lifestyle in general, I've worked hard in my career, and I've tried to have healthy friendships and relationships. Aside from all this, I'm really happy with where my life is at. But it still isn't enough. I want to help my Mum be genuinely happy.

&#x200B;

I've tried explaining where I feel it all went wrong so that she has more clarity but it upset her. I thought maybe I should try to make her believe my sister will re-establish contact but it comes off as fake (I don't think she will) and I think it could harm her more in the long run if she expects this to happen. I've tried talking to my Dad but obviously he's really upset himself. Finally, I've considered trying to mend the relationship, but the issue here is that my sister cut me off too so I'm not sure if I'm the person to do this. I don't know what more I can do, but if anyone has suggestions I'd be so grateful if you shared them. 

&#x200B;

**tl;dr: my sister cut off contact with my family half a year ago and my Mum who has experienced loss of a child before is very unhappy. I would like suggestions on how I can make her happier.**"|xoyoxoyo|False|https://redd.it/ek0ar2|22|0.73|0|21|1|relationships
ek9p03|2020-01-05 07:10:48|My (20F) boyfriend (22M) has a drinking problem, what do I do? (2 years)|"He's the perfect guy, we have a daughter together who, yes was a suprise, but is the light of our worlds. Besides him yelling at the TV when the Lakers play, I have no qualms until it comes to drinking. 

I am a social drinker, I rarely drink at home or alone save the occasional glass of wine so my perception may be skewed.

He drinks beers daily which doesn't necessarily bother me but I'm not completely fond of it. It's when he gets a bottle or goes out. It's like he doesn't get to that point where he feels he's had enough. He just keeps going and lose control of his functions. It's only about twice a month but tonight was a hard night.

I was having a stressful day and he was hesitant to leave in the first place. I told him it was fine but I wanted him to take it easy. 

He barely made it up the stairs and then puked in the living room. 

We're so young. I don't want to tell him to cut alcohol out of his life but it's getting to the point where I don't know what to do. If I'm with him, I usually tell him when he's getting a little sloppy and he stops but how do I tell him, at 22, he can't go out drinking with his buddies? Ik I don't want to stop drinking but then again, I don't have this issue! I am really lost here.

He's been getting better but I feel like when things get more stressful he slips up. It makes it hard for me to rely on him which I think is the big underlying issue with it.

TL;DR: my boyfriend gets sloppy drunk sometimes and idk what to about it."|MickeyBear|False|https://redd.it/ek9p03|2|1.0|0|18|1|relationships
ekbm4l|2020-01-05 10:56:17|I 24(m) is still in love after 6 years..|"So here it goes..

I met a fantastic girl 6 years ago who I ended up dating.. we hit it right off and both of us fell in love, but sadly it lasted for 4 years before we broke it off.
 
I know its my fault, I drove her away because of my personal problems such as serious trust issues. In a way im actually glad that she broke things of, because I really understood that my behaviour was not good nor was my trust issues her problem, only mine. 

Ive later fixed and worked on my problems and I appreciate her help in it.

But my problem is that eventho it's been over 2 years since we was together, i still love her, miss her and dream about her. Sex with other people feels like nothing, neither does kissing for that matter. I have no interest in other girls at all. 

We broke things of on a good note, we are still good friends and meetup etc and care about eachother. She Even got a boyfriend now and I accept it, im Even glad that she is with him, I know hes a good guy thats gonna treat her good..

But it's been 2 fucking years and I still can't stop thinking about her smile or presence, can't shag abother girl without thinking about her.. man it's really frustrating and difficult.. any ideas on how I can move on? Or is this it I met the girl of my life... and blew it?

Thanks..

TDLR; Met girl of my life, was together for years but broke up and I can't seem to stop thinking about her"|xSageex|False|https://redd.it/ekbm4l|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ek0uuv|2020-01-04 19:07:13|My bf (27m) went to Phuket alone and was hit on by a girl. He said he had a GF but she said she didn't care. He gave her his Facebook details.|"Pretty much like the title. We've been together for 2 years.  He said ""sorry I have a GF but you're cute"". This kinda crosses the line for me since why bother giving a random your social media? Why bother complimenting her? He says this is normal. Am I too insecure? When I reject guys. I don't throw in compliments and I strictly draw the line. I know he's tryna be nice be same time she's told him she doesn't care that he has a GF. So it feels like it could lead her on. 

Just feels wrong to me

Tldr; like title"|miamiamario|False|https://redd.it/ek0uuv|18|0.95|0|18|1|relationships
ejymz9|2020-01-04 16:25:05|I [17f] had a panic attack on the phone with my boyfriend [18m] and now need advice|"Tl;dr: Had a panic attack on the phone with my boyfriend and now need to tell him about why that happened. Don't know how to go about doing so.

I am diagnosed with panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. My boyfriend doesn't know this, but knows I have PTSD and when he found out took it well, assuring me that he still loves me. He also knows I take meds. I've been with him for almost a year but still have hidden my other mental disorders from him because it's just embarrassing to discuss. I've had panic attacks on the phone before and hid them by going on mute. This one was the worst. While he was scrolling through facebook, I began finding it hard to breathe, overthinking until I couldn't. I've been scared of how school is starting again, and break is almost over. He heard me trying to breathe and asked if I was okay a few times. I could barely say no. He told me I sound like I'm having a panic attack. I said I am and he stayed quiet, occasionally reading a meme he liked on facebook for maybe 10 minutes? He then told me I need to just breathe and not hyperventilate or I'll panic more. Once it was over he wanted to know what happened and said I can explain when I'm comfortable but he doesn't want to be left in the dark. I don't know how to explain and I'm embarrassed. Any advice is appreciated, and thanks in advance."|DragMeThroughHell|False|https://redd.it/ejymz9|32|0.81|0|14|1|relationships
ek9giw|2020-01-05 06:44:17|I (27M) am not getting along with my girlfriend (25F) and it worries me (6 years relationship). I don't know if it is time to break up.|" 

Hi you all.

I've  been with my gf for 6 years and we had great moments and a lot of  fights. I am aware I am hard to deal with - and a bit stubborn, working  on it - but I feel like we are together nowadays because I tried  everything I could for the better but I can hardly tell any attempts of  her to figure things out. She always said it was my 'obligation' to fix  things and she wouldn't even text me after a fight. We didn't speak for  almost two weeks during an year in college. I had to text her after  those two weeks struggle and it seemed like she wasn't even caring about  we not speaking. It was a fight of my own.

I  always felt she wasn't 'part' of the relationship. She was and she  still is a very impulsive woman, whenever she is angry she won't control  herself and she can say stupid things to me or her own mother. She  always tried to win arguments instead of hearing and trying to get  better. And I always felt bad for not hearing any apologies or even  hearing she say she was wrong by doing this or that. I always tried to  apologize and conciliate but I always felt she was so bitter when we had  our fights.

She always treated me real - I mean, really - cold even when she knew she was really wrong, not to mention she always blamed me for things she said about me or us, she never tried to admit anything.  She is doing that right now since last December because she got pissed  off after a bad grade in her master's. We got better during Holidays but  so far we haven't spoken for almost a week since NYE and it seems she  doesn't give a f. We still have our relationship and our photos on  Facebook but so far it seems it is over yet not official. However, I am  still attached to the feelings and to the great moments we had. I feel  like this time I must not go after her and I must let things be. I gotta  focus on my job because I feel like I have a future in this company I  work for, this time I am feeling stronger than before. I am unsure I  should text her to try and get things better or to finally put an end.  Thoughts?

tl;dr: Gf is hard to deal with, won't conciliate, won't text me or fix things even when she is wrong. I am always the one to text her, to almost 'beg' for us to get better. I am unsure what to do.

Thanks in advance"|jbnt1|False|https://redd.it/ek9giw|2|0.75|0|1|1|relationships
ek9aa6|2020-01-05 06:25:24|My (23F) boyfriend (24M) is not contributing equally - how long should I deal with this?|"I met my boyfriend in December 2018. At the time, he was unemployed because he had to move back home (and thus leave his job - the commute wouldn't have been worth it) due to his apartment building being sold off. This was fine. Plus, he was actively looking for a new job. I figured he'd be fine. I......... was kinda wrong.

I graduated from college in May and found a full-time position in my field by August. Since we met, I've always either been in school full-time or working full-time, save for the small gap between graduation and landing a job. He has done nothing (he dropped out of college a few years ago). Technically, he had a retail job for a few weeks in the spring.... but he quit when he felt like he was doing too much for low pay (+ he told me he hated the job so much it was making him ill). I supported his decision to quit because I hated seeing how glaringly unhappy the job made him, and he also promised to begin looking for a new job immediately. Yet he hasn't done anything since.

His parents completely support him at home. Whenever we hang out (nearly every weekend... because I work full-time during the week), I pick up the tab if we eat or do something. He's only taken me on one date and we've been together for over a year. It's starting to really bum me out and it makes me feel like we're in veeeeeery different places in our lives. I don't even really care about money but I am bothered about the fact that I've been having to financially support this relationship by myself.

The thing is, I do love him. I love him as a person in so many different ways. He has treated me better than any other person I've ever dated, and I can genuinely feel that he loves me too. I don't doubt for a second he cares very deeply for me. I just wish he was more.... motivated. All he does is sleep and play video games. He's not doing anything for himself or his life... or me, really. 

Even his parents/grandparents have pulled me aside and told me they're afraid I'm going to leave him if he doesn't get his shit together soon. His/my friends have cracked jokes about me being his sugar mama. My family is concerned about the fact that I pay for every single thing he and I do together. But I do genuinely love him and care for him as a person, and we get along so well. He's such a good listener and communicator. I don't want to have to end things because I'm not confident in a future with him (how can I build a true partnership with someone when the other person isn't contributing?).

By the way, he's a perfectly healthy, able man with nothing preventing him from working, and he has held several other jobs in the past. His parents have both told him that he needs to start working and/or go back to school, and so he's chosen to start classes full-time at his old community college at the end of this month. Well, he's supposed to. He hasn't squared away all of his paperwork yet, and I'm really going to lose my mind if he isn't able to start in time. I don't even expect him to get a job while he's doing school full-time (even though he's about to turn 25 in February and should probably be making at least a little bit of his own money...) - I just need him to be working towards SOMETHING. I need him to put some sort of effort into himself, so we can be a stronger unit.

The question is, how long should I be dealing with being the only person making money in a relationship? When does it stop being a situation in which I'm simply supporting my boyfriend, and turn into a situation in which he's taking advantage of me? Is it even acceptable for him to NOT have a job while doing school full-time, or should I not expect so much?

TLDR: My boyfriend hasn't had a job since we started dating over a year ago despite being perfectly healthy/able to work. I pay for every single thing we do together, from dates to shopping to going to eat. How long should I deal with this?"|UnintentionalSugar|False|https://redd.it/ek9aa6|2|1.0|0|3|1|relationships
ekb6sm|2020-01-05 10:05:02|My bf [25M] and I [23F] argue about money issue, I wonder if I am overreacting.|"Hello
My bf agreed on spliting everything in half. We live together, all the bills and the rent are split in half.

We both have a job, but he earns 3x my wage per month which is a lot of difference. I never complained about spliting everything in half, I never asked for favors (sometimes he gave me money but I always paied him back afterwards).

The problem is that his job gives him sort of tickets to pay for food (he pays 5€ and get a 8,40€ food ticket in echange - it's a sort a discount), he pays with it for the groceries BUT he ask me to pay half of the full price. We had an argument about that because I consider he is making a financial benefit out of me when I earn 3x less than him. I am overreacting ?

Tldr: my bf and I split all the bills in half, but he earns 3x more than I, he gets a discount for food but ask me to pay the half of the full price. Am I overreacting ?"|throwaaaway332|False|https://redd.it/ekb6sm|1|0.67|0|17|1|relationships
ejjb3g|2020-01-03 18:17:48|(34F) I can’t keep putting up with my friend’s (34f) “anxiety” manifesting itself as interrupting, taking over plans, etc.|"My friend Rachel has massive “self diagnosed” anxiety. She is incredibly tightly wound. I have tried to talk her into getting therapy, but she insists that she can deal with it.

Problem is, she will do things like: Speak over her friends ordering with waiters / bartenders / movie theatre concession people, because she wants to make sure the orders are right. Make backup dishes of whatever dish a person is making for a party, just in case the first person screws up. Interrupt people to finish where she thinks their anecdote is going.  Calls a restaurant to confirm a reservation someone else has made. Constantly says “I know” while you’re talking, even if you’re telling her a story she wasn’t there for. The list goes on and on. 

And all of this is explained away with “anxiety”. She doesn’t trust that anyone but her will do a thing correctly. I have no idea if these traits really are related to anxiety, but I can’t take it anymore. It’s rude, whatever the cause. Underneath this “anxiety” she is incredibly sweet, but these traits make it seem as though we’re hanging out with our mother who never trusts us to do anything right. I’m losing my mind. Today she’s messaged the group six times about what time to meet at a restaurant - what we have a table booked for - and followed it up with “Sorry just having a bad anxiety day, want to make sure everything’s good!”

How can I talk with her about this? I’m losing my mind with her “anxiety”. 

TLDR: My friend blames her rude, controlling behaviour on “anxiety”; how can I deal with this without being insensitive?"|WiseRaspberry7|False|https://redd.it/ejjb3g|1532|0.98|0|171|1|relationships
ekb3nz|2020-01-05 09:54:42|A friend of mine said that we look like a couple ...|"Over the course of last year , I've [M19] developed feelings for a girl [F19] I met in university . We are now close friends and go out with our mutual friend group a lot . Recently when we went out , I wanted to ask her out on a one on one but she didn't take the hint (that's another story), instead we settled on a group outing again and she was excited to go with me.

A friend of mine commented that we looked like a couple and that we are meant to be . I looked at her and she pulled a weird face at the statement (like if you suck on a lemon). She noticed me looking at her and immediately turned to me and said that she was just joking , she pulled my arm and gave me a hug reassuring me that it was not serious and she was just playing. We tease each other constantly but this felt as if it was more than just a tease , a natural reaction to the statement , I'm not too sure.

I was planning on asking her out on a date , specifically saying the word date too , but after that I decided to leave it . She texted me later that night saying she had a great time and that she would plan the next one .

I see her again on Tuesday so maybe this might be my last chance !

Should I take the risk and just go for it even though her reaction to us being a couple was a weird one ? 

TL;DR : I want to ask this girl I've developed feelings for out on a date but recently she pulled a face at the thought of us being a couple . She may think of us as just being friends so I don't know if it's worth the risk"|idontknowwhybutokay|False|https://redd.it/ekb3nz|1|0.67|0|3|1|relationships
ekfr2s|2020-01-05 17:11:07|I (18M) told my girlfriend (17F) that I may be interested in seeing someone else in the future.|"We’ve both been dating since our Freshman year of high school, and we are now seniors. We are each other’s first relationship, and April will be our 3 year anniversary. When we were about two months in we told each other that we wanted to get married and have kids and be together forever and all that stuff. I had a horrible self image and kind of clinged onto her for support. I never thought we would have broken up but now, I don’t know. 

I’ve been thinking about what it would be like to be with other girls. I don’t know if I’m bored with my girlfriend or if I’m just curious about other people, but this has been going on for a while. I kind of told her that I don’t know what I want in life when it comes to getting married and kids because at this point I don’t want to make life long commitments. I just turned 18, I’m not ready for that. 

Lately I’ve been talking to this girl that is kind of friends with my girlfriend. We haven’t really flirted, it’s just talking as friends. My girlfriend has gotten VERY jealous and was telling me she’s afraid she isn’t enough for me anymore and that I’m bored. I told her that’s not the case, but I don’t know. I’m afraid I’m going to miss out on other experiences and people. 

I really do love her. If I didn’t I would have ended it long ago. I enjoy our time together most of the time, and she is basically my best friend. We’re always there for each other. I don’t want to hurt her, and I know she wouldn’t take it well. I don’t know if I want to break up with her or just take a break or what. I just kind of want to try something new for a while. And if it doesn’t work out, then I’d be more than happy to come back to her. I realize that this isn’t very fair to her. Expecting her to be willing to get back together with me after I’ve been with other people for however long. I just don’t want to hit 50 years old and be like “Shit, I kinda wish I would’ve done more.” 

We were having a conversation last night where we promised to be 100% honest about our relationship. I explained this to her and she broke down crying. I promised that I loved her and that I didn’t want to ruin what we had but she didn’t take it well. She said that if there is someone else, then to be honest and we would break up or take a break now. I didn’t tell her about the girl because I feel like ending an almost three year relationship for a girl I’m kind of friends with is pretty stupid. 

My girlfriend made it very clear that she was not curious about other guys, and was strictly interested in me and me only. I feel that she is a bit co dependent on situations like these where she gives me very conflicting answers. I ended the conversation promising I loved her and I wouldn’t leave her for anyone, which was probably a bad idea in the end. I just can’t take the crying, I can’t hurt her like that. 

I don’t know what to do anymore. I’m wondering if anyone else has been in this situation and had similar experiences. 


TL;DR: I told my girlfriend that at some point in our lives I may be interested in dating other girls out of curiosity and a want for something new. She broke down and told me I was the only one she ever wanted and she wouldn’t date anyone else. I’m now trapped in the complicated limbo."|ilikethiccmamis|False|https://redd.it/ekfr2s|0|0.33|0|10|1|relationships
ek69tv|2020-01-05 01:58:39|I [21 M] think I want kids one day and girlfriend [20 F] doesn’t know if she does|"
I’ve always worried due to this that we’re an incompatible couple. Girlfriend says she certainly doesn’t like the sound of being pregnant, and finds kids pretty annoying, but has no idea if she wants them one day or not. She once told me she was 60-40 against kids, but more recently has said she has no inclination and no clue as she has no idea how she’ll feel in later years.

I’ve always worried if us being together was essentially setting us up for an eventual painful
breakup since we don’t quite see eye to eye on this. 

My family are super pro kids, and my mom says, who is hyper pro kids that she feels that she isn’t qualified to suggest anything one way or another about how I should feel about this as she’s biased towards kids so much, which I respect.

I get that we’re super young, and people will be tempted to ask “Why are you even worrying about this right now? Enjoy yourselves!”, but what if us not worrying about it and staying together, getting closer and closer only makes the breakup more painful? I only really worry about this stuff because I really, really don’t want an excuse like this to be grounds to break up, but I also don’t want to make my long term pain greater. 


In addition, how common is it for people to change their minds on this topic? Is seeking security about this issue even reliable at my age, since our opinions on having kids or not only matter if we each see this happening in the near future anyway, and our opinions can change until we get to that point? Or are people who are sure one way sure for good? Do you find it’s more likely people change their mind or don’t as they age? 

tl;dr - title. I know we’re young and shouldn’t worry about this right now, but is staying together going to cause only more long term pain if we break up? Or is it worth the gamble since she isn’t inclined one way or another? Additionally, is seeking resonance with the kids topic in a partner at my age even a reliable ambition, as they could change their mind between now and my 30’s when I’d want children?"|ExpensiveGreen|False|https://redd.it/ek69tv|6|0.71|0|11|1|relationships
ekauk4|2020-01-05 09:23:57|I (22f) have a difficult relationship with my dad (69m) - am I overreacting?|"I’m an only child who lives at home with my parents (both in their 60s). I’d like to be living independently by now, however I’ve suffered chronic pain for 6 years and it doesn’t look like I’ll be able to move out soon.


Unfortunately, I’ve always had a rocky relationship with my dad. Nothing terrible, but I’ve always had the feeling of walking on eggshells around him. He has a pretty big temper, and used to yell at me for doing minor things (talking back, being bratty, breaking something) a fair bit when I a young girl. Slamming doors, giving me the quiet treatment, and generally ignoring me when I did something wrong. It scared me a lot at the time, and I’ve never been able to trust him because of it. He’s punched holes in the wall in front of me, and often talks about his days in the army (fighting for a colonial country to keep its control over an African nation) without remorse. He often snaps at me for doing small things, like doing the dishes wrong. I’m a pretty strong personality, and will stand up for myself, but sometimes I really don’t know if I’m in the wrong. I try to be nice, but I’m always cautious he’s going to snap. It’s like Jekyll and Hyde.


He doesn’t understand why I act the way I do, and I can tell he resents it. I think he also resents my relationship with my mum, which is fantastic. He’s not particularly close with her and feels like we gang up on him (he’s said this on several occasions).


My mum is a typical peacemaker and will always try to deescalate any situation that occurs, but will also evade talking things over. She never sticks up for me, which I find a bit of a betrayal.


I’ve tried to discuss it several times with him, but it either ends in an argument, or he does agree to change, but doesn’t follow through 

For clarification - I wasn’t a planned baby. My parents married young on a whim, and had me when my mum was 37. I was an accident, but welcomed all the same. Mostly, I suppose


Materially, my parents have always provided for me, though we don’t have a lot of money generally.


I’ve talked about this somewhat during psych appointments, but not as much as I’d like. Mainly as my psych appointments are taken up by talking about my chronic pain.


So, am I doing anything wrong? Is there a way I can handle this better?


I just really needed to get this off my chest!


tl;dr  my dad is difficult at the best of times - am I handling this the right way?"|Youngandunsure1|False|https://redd.it/ekauk4|0|0.5|0|0|1|relationships
ekaoya|2020-01-05 09:05:27|I (F26) am wondering if I should take my boyfriend’s (M29) masturbating tendencies personally?|"Hi everyone, just looking for an objective perspective and hopefully some male insight into my boyfriend’s masturbating tendencies. 

My (F26) boyfriend (M29) and I have been together for nearly 3 years. Our sex life throughout our relationship has been inconsistent/nearly non-existent up until recently (which I couldn’t be happier about considering my high libido). Prior to us working on coming out of the “dry spell”, I knew that my boyfriend was regularly watching porn (~once daily on average), a lot of which were times when I was home. Now I’m pro-porn, but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t a touch jealous and even a bit angry that he seemed to have the drive for that and not the real thing. I’ve been told that masturbating and sex are two VERY different things for a guy, so I suppose I’m trying to understand how a drive for one can exist without the other? Habits aside, I should note that through a lot of communication about sex and our relationship (excluding any discussion of his masturbating habits), we seem to really have met each other in the middle in terms of us making time for intimacy lately. He seems to really be enjoying more frequent “sessions” and I have too, of course. It may sound a little fucked up, but there’s a part of me that’s afraid things will return back to the way they were before. On some level, I think I feel “triggered” every time he watches porn, especially now that we’ve been working on having an active sex life. I know that probably isn’t fair, but I find it hard to not take it personally when he slips off to the bath for a solo session knowing full well that I’m DTF. This has happened a handful of times recently when I’ve been home and I don’t understand why I get so furious over it. I’ve neglected to say anything about it because I don’t want to embarrass him or make him feel like he can’t have that private time for himself. I suppose it just feels incredibly crappy when he rubs one out when I’m in the next room. He thinks he’s discreet about it, but I typically always know. Can someone try to help me understand/explain this type behavior? Is he not satisfied? Is there anything I can do/do better? Do guys feel the need to jerk off more when they’re having frequent sex in their relationships? Does jerking off have any bearing on a man’s drive for actual sex? 

TD;LR: My (F26) boyfriend (M29)  and I went through a *long* dry spell of not having sex throughout the course of our 2 year relationship thus far. We both have recently been working on breaking out of the sexless cycle, but he still regularly uses porn, sometimes even when I’m home. While we are having sex, I still feel angry about this because I don’t want things to go back to the way they were before. Why would he choose to rub one out when he knows I’m readily available?"|liv_mariexo|False|https://redd.it/ekaoya|1|0.6|0|16|1|relationships
ekalnr|2020-01-05 08:54:24|I (22f) have a difficult relationship with my dad (mid 60s m) - am I overreacting?|"I’m an only child who lives at home with my parents (both in their 60s). I’d like to be living independently by now, however I’ve suffered chronic pain for 6 years and it doesn’t look like I’ll be able to move out soon.


Unfortunately, I’ve always had a rocky relationship with my dad. Nothing terrible, but I’ve always had the feeling of walking on eggshells around him. He has a pretty big temper, and used to yell at me for doing minor things (talking back, being bratty, breaking something) a fair bit when I a young girl. Slamming doors, giving me the quiet treatment, and generally ignoring me when I did something wrong. It scared me a lot at the time, and I’ve never been able to trust him because of it. He’s punched holes in the wall in front of me, and often talks about his days in the army (fighting for a colonial country to keep its control over an African nation) without remorse. He often snaps at me for doing small things, like doing the dishes wrong. I’m a pretty strong personality, and will stand up for myself, but sometimes I really don’t know if I’m in the wrong. I try to be nice, but I’m always cautious he’s going to snap. It’s like Jekyll and Hyde.


He doesn’t understand why I act the way I do, and I can tell he resents it. I think he also resents my relationship with my mum, which is fantastic. He’s not particularly close with her and feels like we gang up on him (he’s said this on several occasions).


My mum is a typical peacemaker and will always try to deescalate any situation that occurs, but will also evade talking things over. She never sticks up for me, which I find a bit of a betrayal.


For clarification - I wasn’t a planned baby. My parents married young on a whim, and had me when my mum was 37. I was an accident, but welcomed all the same. Mostly, I suppose


I’ve talked about this somewhat during psych appointments, but not as much as I’d like. Mainly as my psych appointments are taken up by talking about my chronic pain.


So, am I doing anything wrong? Is there a way I can handle this better?


I just really needed to get this off my chest!


tl;dr  -  am I reacting in the right way to my dad’s temper and childishness?"|Youngandunsure1|False|https://redd.it/ekalnr|0|0.5|0|0|1|relationships
ekalgf|2020-01-05 08:53:38|I dated my ex for 5-6 months for most of it I believed my ex was talking to another girl. Here’s why.|"I’m a female and my ex was a male.

I was in a relationship for 5-6 months until I started worrying my ex was talking to other girls.. here’s why

I started dating this guy this past July. (We are both 18) It was really nice and amazing the first month and a half. Until this one night (in august)  a couple of our friends and I went to city in my big town and I met this girl. She was pretty nice and chill. I learned some unusual things about her (why she moved here, where she’s from, where she goes to school) and I just played along with it. 
Eventually I started talking about myself and my photography mini business I have. I thought she was interested in it but apparently she thought I was annoying as I was told months later. Flash forward to thanksgiving break or a little bit before.. I see that he’s at this girls house and I know this because she lives in the neighborhood next to mine. And he had been there all break and he even went to her other families house across town and would refuse to see me. 

I asked about this girl and he told me not to worry about her and that he was just going over to hang and smoke so I was like okay..? Also good to mention that i was never invited. 2 weeks before Christmas break he asks me if we could have an open relationship and I asked him to explain. I loosely said yes but I didn’t want to participate in that and I didn’t really want him either. He tells me ok. He starts seeing her more and I asked for specific days of the week to see him and he gets bent out of shape about this and tells me he has no self love and doesn’t want to be in a relationship with anyone and can’t even love himself. So I let him him go. However he’s still going to her house and hanging out with her. I was told by my friend who is dating his best friend that he is talking to her and they might start dating. It’s been a week and a half since we broke up and I’m losing my mind over this. I’ve cried myself to sleep countless of nights. I don’t know why. I needed to get this off my chest but advice would be nice. I know I shouldn’t care I know I shouldn’t be worried but I still love him and I still care about him but I feel that this girl is the reason we aren’t dating anymore because she’s more interesting than me and wants to do the things he wants to do.. I don’t want to date him I just want to ask him if this is what his plan was because I most definitely believe it was.

TL;DR! my ex told me not to worry about this girl however I believe he lied to me about the reason we broke up and is now talking to her and is probably going to date her."|canttthinkofanamee|False|https://redd.it/ekalgf|0|0.33|0|4|1|relationships
ek42js|2020-01-04 23:03:22|I really like this girl but our mutual friend feels uncomfortable|"Throwaway account just in case. So I M(23) really like this girl F(22); we've been talking over messages, seen each other a few times in group situations for the last few weeks. I'm convinced that I really really like her, and we get on so well and we have a lot in common. We've never been particularly flirty, but she makes me laugh and I love getting to know her and I think shes really lovely, genuine and kind.

I was hoping to ask her on a date soon, or just make more plans but just us two, when our mutual friend M(23) took me aside. I met this girl through this mutual friend, and they've been friends for years and he's a really close friend of mine too.

So he took me aside and said that him and the girl have history (I didn't ask what) and that hes been feeling uneasy about us getting close, and felt I should know. He said that if its serious that to go ahead, but if it wasn't then just to let it go and stop. Even though I like her, I felt it was right to back off because I don't want my friend to get uncomfortable (I also don't know what the history was or what I was getting into and didn't want to be in the middle of anything). I'm a bit torn up, but I couldn't say my feelings were serious because I didn't know if she reciprocated. I didn't want to cause any unnecessary drama between me and him, and I know this has really been bothering him because he doesn't open up about stuff like this a lot.

She's the first girl I've actually seen myself dating since my breakup last year, and every message made me smile.

Tell me I did the right thing?

**\*\*TL;DR; : I really like this girl, we've been talking for a few months. Our mutual friend wants me to back off due to their history which I didn't know about and I'm very upset about it. \*\***"|Any-Item|False|https://redd.it/ek42js|6|0.79|0|8|1|relationships
ek8e1e|2020-01-05 05:00:56|My (23/M) gf (19/F) routinely breaks up with me and now I’m finally trying to move on|"I’ve never been on here before but I thought it’d feel good to let this out and possibly get feedback from someone who understands. 
I don’t have many friends of my own because this relationship has been my life. My best friends are friends we share and her cousins. I blame myself for not being more independent and building a better support system.

For context, we were best friends for about 2 years, and have been dating for almost 3 (our anniversary would’ve been next week). I’d describe it as a very close and serious relationship. We’d spend most of our time together and were both loyal, devoted, etc.

I mainly just want to talk about how, since probably this time last year (when we had our first? and what seemed to be actually serious breakup), she’s broken up with me/threatened to/expressed wanting to so, so often. At least once a month. I cannot live my life in peace because I’m in constant anxiety over her leaving me. And it’s made me lose a lot of feeling for her. I’m becoming desensitized to the thought of losing her. It’s made me lose respect and trust. It feels like the relationship is just her repeatedly demolishing it, me trying to pick up the pieces and put it back together, her deciding it’s not good enough and demolishing it again, repeat. And this attitude she has toward our relationship has made our relationship really just not enjoyable for me. No one wants a partner who is half-heartedly with them. 

There’s a lot to say about this. The biggest factor is probably that she is young. I completely understand not knowing what you want at a young age and have tried to be patient. But I did make a point of this before we started dating; I was refusing to date her because she was young, people grow and change, it usually doesn’t last and I valued our friendship. I’ve tried to separate, or I guess stay separated, over this on good terms. I’ve tried to and save us both time and misery. But she keeps coming back. Also it doesn’t help that we’re both mentally ill, overly attached, emotional, sentimental people.

The most recent breakup was today, when she said “I don’t want this with you anymore.” To any normal person, that’s a pretty clear message. But because she keeps coming back, it’s hard to tell if this will be the last time.

But I kind of want it to be the last time. I love her and I would’ve been willing to marry her. But even saying that now gives me a bad feeling in my stomach. I really feel like I need to get out of this endless miserable cycle. 

With that being said, I guess I just want a push to do it. And because the relationship has left me so isolated, I’m like dying to meet new people and feel something again, but I don’t know how. And I don’t want to get caught “moving on too fast”, but I’ve felt empty and alone more or less this entire year. I’m not looking for anything sexual. I’d just like to have conversations with someone and know they care about what I have to say. I’d like for someone to see the good in me, because I don’t think she does anymore, and my self esteem is so low. 

Our relationship has its problems like any relationship does. And I can elaborate if more context is needed. It’s just hard to summarize what’s been going on because there’s so much to say.

TL;DR she’s broken up with me so many times/held this relationship over my head like I’m the only one it matters to. How do I put my foot down and not let her back in. How do I move on? It’s also like I’m losing the life I built for 5 years and my best friend. How do I find myself again and find new friends and romantic interests?"|Iconoclast111|False|https://redd.it/ek8e1e|3|0.8|0|8|1|relationships
ek5p3n|2020-01-05 01:11:26|Am I (17F) manipulative to my partner? How do I stop this sour behavior?|"I recently acknowledged this to my partner and apologized to him for behaving the way I do. He has pointed out that I attack him, I abuse him, I manipulate him, I suck the life out of him and many more. I don't know how I came to this point but it hurts me to hear those things.

Before we were together, he was in a relationship that he claimed to be toxic and his ex was manipulative. I promised to myself that I would never put him in that situation and he's my first boyfriend (and hopefully the last). 

We love each other so much and we're going into 2 years. But I'm worried that I'm becoming what he says I am. Our arguments got worse after he moved to a different state and he claims that I start those arguments. 

I know what I want to be happy while we're apart and im not afraid to voice out what I think and how I feel. For example, skyping for 45 minutes after a day of not talking then I ask him a few minutes later and he's says he's not doing anything. With that, I would feel bad because I enjoy talking to him and we can talk more. Since I'm quite upset, I would shoot a shot and tell him that he barely has enough time for me already but doing nothing is a greater priority. He then goes on and says nothing is ever enough for me and even if he talks to me for 10 minutes. I wouldn't be satisfied either way. 

When we argue he also says that I'm a monster, I suck the life out of him, I make him walk on eggshells, he doesn't care about how I feel, I am victimizing myself, I can never be happy, I manipulate him, my problems are small and the list goes on. My reaction to these comments is anger and to cry. But we eventually would apologize to each other.

He tells me that I am often the reason why arguments happen because I take out my anger on him and blow problems out of proportion. I agree that sometimes, in a stressful bad day, I need to let out the uncomfortable feeling im in to someone. I need someone to care and listen to me.

A recent argument happened 3 days after an argument. I was asking to chat and give each other love. And he said ""let me work, honey"". I took it the work way because it seemed like he was saying I was bothering him. I started to tell him my point of view and how i didnt like the way he said that. And he replied that he doesnt know why I'm mad and I explained again but he said started laughing at me and said that I always look at the negativity of things, I will never be happy, and I always find ways to be the victim.

What am I doing wrong? And how can I change it?

Tl;dr boyfriend of almost 2 years points out everything wrong about me and it has come to me that those are the characteristics of a manipulator. How can I change my behavior? What can I do to be a better girlfriend?"|araxnjh|False|https://redd.it/ek5p3n|4|0.71|0|7|1|relationships
ek5o98|2020-01-05 01:09:16|Broken up over 2 months had a one night stand a couple days ago. What should I do?|"Hello reddit friends

Girlfriend F(22) and i (M30) have been broken up for over 2 months now and NC for about a month. Had a one night stand a couple days ago should I feel guilty? I don’t feel great about it I know now I’m not ready to be intimate for a while with anyone.  it was just a random hook up that happened. But now I’m over thinking things and I feel off. 

TL;DR!  Broken up over 2 months no hints of being together should I feel guilty about this? Should I tell her? Any advice would help"|mrbtwelve|False|https://redd.it/ek5o98|4|0.59|0|22|1|relationships
ek5ewj|2020-01-05 00:47:35|My oldest friend and myself have had a big falling out, and I am worried our relationship will never repair.|"Recently my friends and I went out to celebrate the birthday of a friend I have had since I was 6 years old (let’s call him B). He turned 18 this month, so naturally we went out clubbing in our shitty town in the South of England.

We were at the pub when we ran into his ex (2yr relationship, broke up in June), and a friend of hers. We exchanged general pleasantries and went on our way. Their breakup was tricky for him, and I was there for him throughout the whole thing, but it would seem that they are on friendly terms.

Later on in the night, we were at a late night bar/nightclub and were talking to some friends of ours we bumped into in there. As a male in my late teens who had had a lot to drink, let’s just say that my eye was wandering, as was B’s. He got chatting with this ex (call her T)‘s friend, so I was happy for him, naturally. I was with our other friends when T came up to me and we started talking, as I hadn’t seen her since the breakup. 

As this was a nightclub, we started dancing and (it hurts to admit this) flirting. I was very aware that I would not try anything with this girl, but it’s always fun to flirt a bit, especially after 8 or so voddy and cokes, on top of a fair bit of lager. Our other mates started making faces at me behind T’s back, and I took it as the kind of joking about that we would normally do. 

When the club closed, we all left and B was very very angry with me, a reaction which I have had mixed feelings about. On one hand, he is no longer going out with her and has no right to control what she does, I was not trying anything and I feel betrayed by the assumption, and I feel like he has blown it out of proportion. On the other hand, you could say that I was very much crossing a line, and should have been mindful of my best friend’s feelings. Also, my general history would suggest to an observer that I was trying it on.

This was 2 days ago, and besides his blunt response to my detailed apology, I have had no contact with him. It tears me apart inside to know that I have hurt such a good friend, especially when I was with him through the pain. It doesn’t matter to me whether he believes my explanation, I just want us to be friends again because having a decade without him is the worst thing imaginable.

What are your thoughts on the matter? How can I make it up to him, and was his reaction justified?

Tl;dr: I flirted with a friend’s ex in a club and now he won’t speak to me."|trafficwasastate|False|https://redd.it/ek5ewj|2|0.71|0|6|1|relationships
ekaaau|2020-01-05 08:16:37|Class with my BF and his ex.|"So me (19F) and my bf (20M) [together for 7 months] enrolled in a class this upcoming semester. The class lists just opened, and while looking at it in hopes of finding a friend of mine or someone I know, I see a name that look awfully familiar. It was all fun and games until I realized that it was one of my BF's exes. On one hand, I find this situation quite funny. I mean, what are the chances of that happening? On the other hand, a part of my brain is making me feel a bit insecure. I asked around about this girl (maybe that was a mistake idk), and found out that she is incredibly smart.  Having my BF in a class is already a huge distraction and stressful enough as it is, but having him AND his smart ex-gf is just a recipe for failure. I really don't want to drop the class, and I'm looking for advice to keep my grades from slipping by the constant distractions. 

Tl;dr- I'm enrolled in an upcoming class with my BF and his super smart ex-gf, and I really don't want my grades to suffer because of it."|collegestudent_19|False|https://redd.it/ekaaau|1|0.67|0|2|1|relationships
ek7yd3|2020-01-05 04:22:27|He asked for more and I’m afraid we’re moving too fast|"Me (16F) and my boyfriend (17M) have been dating about 5 months. At first it went slow, our first kiss took 3 months. For the past two weeks we’ve been together almost every day because of winter break. He’s been briefly poking/swatting at my butt for a while but in the past week he began massaging both my butt and breasts (under clothing) for long periods of time while making out. I told him he could, and that I even liked it, but last night he mentioned twice that he “wanted to do more with me”. I know that he meant sexually so I looked at him in the eyes and said no but I’m worried we’ve already gone too far. He’s my first boyfriend and I got really carried away, would this be a good time to say I want to abstain until marriage (for non religious reasons)?

What should I do? I want to tell him we need to slow down but god damn it was just getting good. I know that he’s with me for more reasons than sex I just got him a little too comfortable, now I have to tell him I take it back.

TL;DR: Boyfriend and I have been possibly moving too fast especially for someone like me who wants to wait until marriage how do I tell him we should slow down?"|platypusjo|False|https://redd.it/ek7yd3|2|0.75|0|10|1|relationships
eka6k5|2020-01-05 08:05:17|dm from guy|"i’m girl, he’s guy, we’re 17, dm chatted with him now for abt 4 years (never met him in person before and also just chat 4 times during the 4 years)

question:

what does it mean when a guy who i never met and is basically on the other side of the world says he thinks i’m cute af and wanna date me on the 2nd time of chatting??
(also just by looking at my pics?) 
he’s a friend of my ex also, i kinda like him as well bec he’s been nice. 
but why he don’t go for the local girls, kinda odd?

(answers from guys plz) 

tl;dr and basically wht are his intentions? i wanna know if he’s trust worthy."|cookiemilky|False|https://redd.it/eka6k5|1|0.6|0|9|1|relationships
ek2smg|2020-01-04 21:28:40|Cheating early in relationship|"Hello everyone, first time poster here (male, 25 yo).

My girlfriend (female, 25 yo) and I have been dating exclusively for around 5 years now. We started during our final semester of undergrad and we are now both 25 years old and living together. She came home from work the other day and revealed (out of the blue) that she had slept with a coworker twice in one week about 4 months into the relationship. As personal background, my only previous serious relationship had ended due to cheating of my partner as well. I didn't have a strong visceral reaction to her telling me this likely because I had already done this dance before. I was obviously hurt but I was less upset about the actual act and more about her timing of telling me. After taking around 24 hours to process alone, I settled on two things that bothered me most.

1. There were multiple opportunities to share what had occurred and she neglected to do so. If she had revealed the incident early on in the relationship, we likely would have broken up and pain would have been minimized due to it being such a new relationship. I moved away for school about two years into the relationship and we entered into long distance, and she did not tell me. She recently moved out here, got a job, and we share an apartment now. She still did not tell me before we made this crucial step. I feel as though I was basically manipulated over roughly the entire relationship into making decisions without an extremely important piece of information. Now our lives are so intertwined, it makes it difficult to make drastic changes (I realize this isn't as extreme as marriage or having kids, but more so than our previous four years).
2. The second part that bothers me is her motivation to tell me at all. She has basically expressed that since things are going so well for us, the guilt of the act had been at similar levels to around when it actually happened. This leads me to believe that her telling me was more driven by her otherwise selfish desire to relieve herself of this guilt rather than due to newfound morality. By doing this, she has now offloaded the pain onto me. As she has forcefully stated, this was the only time this ever happened. I'm left wondering if telling me what happened was even necessary? I've seen multiple opinions by clinical psychologists stating that telling a partner about a one-off in the past can only serve to damage that person.

I'll finish with a few thoughts and relevant background. 4 months into our relationship, her and I both had a very different view of the relationship. We were most definitely exclusive and dating but I think we both weren't taking things particularly seriously. We hadn't said we love each other, we didn't have a ""future"" planned. At the time, she often binge drank heavily. This has not been the case since that semester. I am also her first serious relationship and my interpretation is that she was not taking it particularly seriously early on but significant changes have occurred. I think our love is currently at it's maxim so this is obviously quite tricky and hard to wrap my head around/be objective about.

She has offered me access to all of her private information (texts, email, social)  if I wanted to look through it, she has apologized and taken full responsibility, she is giving me space, she has a therapist who she has been seeing for years to deal with other problems. It's also worth noting her parents separated due to infidelity in the marriage. She hasn't told any friends or family over this entire time which is an important point for me. I genuinely believe she is a good person with a conscience so her living with this inside of her for 4+ years is its own form of punishment in my opinion. Not justification, but something I am trying not to overlook.

\---

\*\*TL;DR;\*\* : I'm left with a decision to work things out, rebuild the trust and try to forgive the cheating and lying or to cut things off now. I believe I am a person who is capable of forgiveness so the question more centers around if I should. I am incapable of seeing things with an objective point of view so I am hoping the community can help me out. Should I try to use this as an opportunity to strengthen our relationship and rebuild something better or am I just setting myself up for future pain? I do truly love her and I want to believe that the person who cheated is different than the person I am with now. Thanks for taking the time."|reddit4aday1993|False|https://redd.it/ek2smg|6|0.7|0|24|1|relationships
ekc163|2020-01-05 11:45:22|My (28M) Wife (28F) read my texts that I sent to my best friend (27M) about our argument|" 

Just wanted some advice really.

Me and my wife have been together a lot of years and all in all we are very very compatible and have a brilliant life.

As with any relationship sometimes we have our little argument and due to having kids one of the focuses has been on our lack of sex life which we really struggle to address and talk about when its dry.

After an argument one night we got nowhere so I confided and let off some steam to my best friend of 16 years over text, I took a lot of blame in this conversation and maybe said more than I should have done with regards to our sex life and he also said some supportive words back to me which could be confused as negative towards her.

She read these texts in the morning behind my back by going through my phone when I was out of the room. She has made me feel awful about the text conversation and in some respects I totally get it. But can I just have some insight into whether or not im rightfully grovelling now or should I be able to confide my private issues in my best friend in privacy?

Any advice is truly welcome.

&#x200B;

TL;DR wife read my texts and saw that me and best friend were discussing an argument we were having."|CekinCekin|False|https://redd.it/ekc163|0|0.36|0|16|1|relationships
eka363|2020-01-05 07:54:31|Gf vs Fam|"I’m 17 male, I got into a relationship that is now 7 months strong. We had 2 real arguments so far and solved first hour and apologized. Everything has been so perfect we both make feel each other like never before so happy when together, no tears have been dropped but happy ones. Only time she cried was because of the idea of me leaving her. I feel so happy when I’m with her, I have all As in high school, play a sport, work at Publix atm. Working on small things terms of business wise that again my gf supports but parents hate. Recently my parents started hating me that I spend most of my money when I’m with her, she  is the complete opposite of a metarilstc person so most of the money is juts uber,food, and small gifts for her surprises, I spent a big amount on her recently because of Christmas and I spent more money on her then my fam. She got me a lot of gifts as well. I started spending more time with her texting her more then ever, and I started opening up to her about my feels and problems which  I can’t open up to my parents as I’ve tried before but don’t go well. She is so perfect for me and everything just seems so much better with her. My parents started getting mad at me for having so much with her(I only hang 3 times a week with her) they hate how much money I spend (my money that I worked for) they try to teach me stupid things my mom always argues about the money and threatens that she will take my gf away. I don’t know what to do, I can’t keep dealing with this cause it puts me down. When my gf came in my life I got so much happier and so much more motivation has hit me like no other. But my parents don’t really see anything, and evrytime I’m home it’s just bad vibes and depressing shit

TL:DR I’m basically confused and don’t know what to do I think it’s my money and I spend it how I want to, I think I should be able to see my girl much more and I think I should get more space from them"|Mellyynwze|False|https://redd.it/eka363|1|1.0|0|1|1|relationships
eka083|2020-01-05 07:45:21|Is my (20F) mother (56F) manipulative or is it me that caused this?|"I don't know if my mother is manipulative, or if I'm making her the bad guy to feel better about myself.

I'm 20F. From as long as I can remember, I never had a super good relashionship with my mom. I remember that when I was 9 I considered I fought a lot with my parents.

Just to be clear, I wasn't spoiled as a child. I was the type of child to see a plush I really wanted, and when my mother would ask if I want it I would say ''no it's okay'' and put it back on the shelve. Maybe around 6 or 7 years old. I would never ask my mother for anything and I felt like a burden because I could see she worked a lot. My father didn't help her much (he helped only when we were babies and doesn't know how to drive) and she also was working. She would tell out loud in front of us how my dad was bad and unnatractive. When I was around 10-11, my parents divorced. That's when I learned my mother had depression. Since I was disgusted by my dad and upset at him often, I lived more at my mom's house when I was around 13-14.

When I was like 15-16, I was having a fight with my mom, and I stopped and looked at her, and thought ''never, ever I would talk to another human being like this even if I was angry''. I always knew my mother wasn't perfect, but at that moment, I thought ''I think my mother might be a really bad person'', and I started looking for proof of it. I was always asking myself ''is this normal?''.

To explain why I think my mother might be manipulative. When I was young (like 6-8), and I was not doing the things she wanted, she would belittle me, and say I'm like a baby, just like her kids at school. This would happen when I didn't want to eat a certain thing for exemple, and I was not difficult on that. She would say how she talks with her collegues about how hard it is to have a kid like me. She would compare me with my friends and 2 older brothers. I say what I can remember. I remember thinking I was a bad kid, and was scared of people finding out. I also slightly remember my mother calling me a monster when I was bad, but it's so far I must have been so young. I started suddenly having extremely poor self-esteem when I was 8 years old and developed anxiety, which I still have. It went downhill and I made a depression when I was 13. I was never really physically close with my mother, and I started calling my mother by her name from my own decision. My mother would do the discipline and my dad was just there. I was for sure a very good child, a good teen I don't know.

It was before the 'chore' issue started.

I'll go straight to the point, I don't know exactly how it started, but I would refuse to do chores. When we argued about various things, she would always change the subject and point out that I don't do chores even if it had nothing to do with the argument. When we argued, I was trying to find solutions and arrangements, but she would be totally incoherent in her argumentation, she would change subjects or do sophisms. If I calmly told her she said something I didn't like, she would immediatly deny having said it, even after 10 seconds of saying it. She was never wrong, When she did mistakes she blamed others for it. She would make me reveal things about myself by twisting her words, she even acknowledged doing it one time. When I would talk to her about my problems (anxiety), she would let me talk for like 10 minutes, and suddently lash out ''can't you see I don't want to listen to you right now! I don't feel like listening to this right now!'' and then I would tell her ''why didn't you tell me at the beggining?'' and then she would get more angry and I would say ''next time could you please tell me from the start'' and go away. At some point I would refuse to talk to her about private things when she asked, and that would make her angry. She said she wasn't in depression anymore and I doubted it sometimes because to me she always looked frustrated and stressed. She really couldn't take any type of blame from anymore as small as it was. My friends would also randomly ask me ''is your mother a good person?'' or tell me she looked immature, that our relashionship looked 'weird' and when I would tell them I had bad relashionship with my mom they would tell me they always knew. She she was getting angry, she looked like she lost her mind. She was always the one starting arguments. One times I was sleeping, in my bed, naked, she knocked at my door ''WE'RE ALL TIRED OF YOU, YOU'RE BROTHERS, EVERYONE! EVEN -my step-dad- SAID HE WASN'T HERE BECAUSE OF YOU!''.

The thing is, again, I refused to do chores. It's not because I was lazy I assure you, it's because I was angry at her. I know this is not a good excuse. I would do my laundry and helped for various things sometimes. But doing chores made me feel really frustrated. I totally understand why my mother would resent me, because I can't deny she did a lot. And this seems contradictory to me because on the side she would also do the things I talked about before. But I don't know if the things I talked about before are just normal things parents do, and parents aren't perfect. She would scream at me every single days for various things, she never said something positive. When she said my name, I would immediatly get defensive because I knew it would be something bad. I would tell her to please stop or just ignore me and she wouldn't even listen. So as a child, I didn't feel understood at all, and I was told that only if I did chores she wouldnt be like that, It sounded like if I did chores I would be loved. And in my child mind I thought parent's love aren't supposed to be conditionnal. If I did chores, everything would be okay for her, but not for me. And I did feel extremely wrong and bad for not doing chores, but I wouldn't admit that to her.

It's also the lack of positivity, the lack of compliment and compassion. And it was everyday, When I hear people scream it makes me remember all those feelings and I get panic attacks. I felt so horrible. I felt guilty, ashamed. I was in total denial of why I was having panic attacks because I felt immature. I had so much stress in my life I was totally unproductive. I finished school, went to higher studies, couldn't have good grades, I decided to stop studying because I was scared it would hurt my grades and I wouldn't be able to go to university. My mother kicked me out, I went to live with my dad. When she kicked me out she said it ''was for my own good'' and it made me upset that she couldn't even be honest about it. I was also better without her. At my dad's house we have a good relashionship. I do chores and I'm happy to live a life where no one is screaming at me. I also signed for doing to school again because I feel more ready. I focus on the futur, but I wonder if I should blame myself. And I also wonder if I ''exagerated'' everything.

Sometimes I think my parents weren't meant to have kids. I think they got together as ''last chance to have kids''. Because both my parents are emotionally immature.

So, what's the verdict? Please be honest.

 TL;DR : Never had a good relashionship with my mom. I wasn't spoiled or lazy child. One day I realized my mother might be manipulative and abusive so I started looking for proofs. I wouldn't want to do chores for her because I felt she was abusive. Or maybe she was a normal mother? Problem is that she worked and did most of the chores in the house. She was angry at me for not doing the chores. I was angry at her because I thought she was abusive. She kicked me out. Not doing chores is bad but what about not doing chores for emotionally abusive parents? Is my mother manipulative? What part of the blame should I take if not all?"|BenedithBe|False|https://redd.it/eka083|1|0.67|0|0|1|relationships
ek9z61|2020-01-05 07:41:58|I (F29) am worried that one of my best friends (M33) is a toxic person and I don't know what to do|"Hello, everyone. I've been a lurker for a while and rarely post, but I feel like I've exhausted all options with this friend and have nowhere else to safely turn for advice. Honestly I don't even know where to begin so please bear with me. 

This friend and I have been friends for about 3 years now. We'll call him Matt. We met at work and he was the first real friend I made after moving to the state I'm currently living in. We hit it off right away. Same taste in TV, comics, and movies. He's great to talk to and a really chill guy and we've got a ton in common. During the first couple months hanging out, I watched him go through an extremely messy breakup with his now ex and when I say messy, I mean MESSY. During this time all he did was complain about her and talk about what a horrible person she is. At first, not knowing him that well, I didn't take the ""crazy ex"" talk lying down. Not that I tried to defend her either, but in my experience a man calling a girl his ""crazy ex"" is usually a red flag. But again, I didn't really know him that well yet so I gave him the benefit of the doubt. 

The next few months Matt was at my house almost every night, and I really had no problem with it. I had no other friends and he brought weed and we watched movies and had a good time. I feel like I need to put this out there: I'm a lesbian and he isn't straight either so he understood and never tried to make a move on me. He's really always been nothing but a great friend to me. 

A few months of this and he starts telling me he's interested in a girl at work, I'm going to call her Jen. I cautioned him against dating a coworker especially this soon after a messy breakup, but he seemed convinced Jen was it and I was happy for him. A few months after they started going out he even told me he was ready to propose to her. Again I told him he was moving too fast, but when I saw them together they really seemed happy and I started to feel dumb about being so negative. Then all hell broke loose.

I don't know exactly when shit started hitting the fan but suddenly their relationship got super rocky. During the time they were together our smoke outs and movie nights became more infrequent, meaning he talked to me less, so I don't have too much knowledge of exactly what set off this second extremely bad breakup. But It was BAD. 

For the record, I was also friends with Jen before they started dating and continued to be throughout their relationship and ensuing issues. I made it clear to Matt that I was not taking sides and that he couldn't control who I was friends with and he seemed ok with that...until he started ghosting all our plans. As a result, I wound up hanging out with Jen more than I hung out with him. This is when I noticed him starting to get intensely paranoid. I don't think I've ever known someone as paranoid. Every interaction with him oozed so much anxiety. It started bleeding over into work and caused a huge deal of drama. He also started having bouts of explosive anger, kicking things over and throwing things at work. I had coworkers coming to me asking my input about the Matt and Jen breakup (since everyone knew I was Matt's closest friend) and spent a lot of time at work deflecting questions and telling people I didn't know anything. It was exhausting.

I did my best to stay out of the drama while still maintaining my friendship with them both. I tried my best to hang out with him and I tried my best to help him, but he aggressively did not want to be helped. He was convinced everyone had turned against him. In his defense, Jen had actually been trying to turn a few people against him. I know this because she tried it on me (not that it worked). So, yes, Matt had some reason to be paranoid. But in her defense, he had been absolutely awful to her. She came over one night and sat on my couch crying about him until 4 am. Basically, my view on their relationship is this: they were a terrible match and brought out the worst in each other. 

During the death throes of their relationship, Matt and I started hanging out again. In hindsight, it might not have helped his situation, but I was constantly expressing my worry for his mental health. He was having extreme mood swings and depression and I know what that's like. I've recently been working really hard to get my life in order. I haven't had a drink of alcohol in over 3 years, am rarely suicidal, and found a good combo of meds to help manage my bipolar disorder and anxiety. I let him talk about anything he wanted with me. I offered to give him the number to my psychiatrist and offered to help him make an appointment. I offered to help him find a therapist. He'd basically ""yeah, ok"" me and try to move past these conversations as quickly as possible. So eventually I stopped bringing it up.

Things seemed to be going back to normal and Matt started dating someone new. She's also a coworker, and she has a negative past with Jen as well (for reasons that aren't totally relevant so I'm not getting into it). I'm going to call her Hannah. Matt and Hannah seemed like a much better match than Matt and Jen. I'll admit I was hesitant when he first told me about her and I told him again it might be a bad idea to date a coworker. They really got along well though, and I like Hannah she's really cool. I was really happy for them both, but recently things have taken a turn for the worse. Interestingly, he's made a huge positive step in his career, so you'd think he'd be in a great place....somehow, no. Just a few nights ago Hannah was talking to me about him, coming close to tears, telling me (in confidence) about how he yells at her and doesn't listen to anything she says. I sat with her for hours letting her vent and I don't know how much more of this I can take. I can't even talk to him about what she's told me because she's afraid he'll get mad at her. 

Today at work he threw a water bottle he bought for her aggressively onto a shelf with her things. I asked him why and he told me she was negative to him in front of customers and he doesn't like being talked down to. I'm sensing a pattern. All of this comes on the heels of me and Hannah working together with another coworker to get him a very expensive birthday gift and throw him a mini surprise party. Hannah and I both care about him so much. All his friends do. We just don't know how to deal with all of his personal baggage or how to help him. He refuses to get help or listen to anyone. 

I don't want to end my friendship with him, but I don't know what else to do. Honestly, I don't know how I could even go about ending this friendship considering we work together. He's one of my best friends and has been there for me, but it's kind of messed up that I've been a shoulder to cry on for two of his girlfriends. I just don't know how to deal with....all of this. Thoughts? Help?? 

TL;DR: One of my best friends seems to have abusive tendencies and I can't decide if I should stay and help or abandon him for my own mental health. Or if there's anything else I can do."|obiwormkenobi|False|https://redd.it/ek9z61|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ek9z0c|2020-01-05 07:41:26|Boyfriend is pseudo-cheating?|"Okay so let me preface this by saying that I was snooping in this story and I recognize that it was wrong and an invasion of privacy but anyway:

My boyfriend (24/m) and I (24/m) met on a gay social media/dating site and have been together now for about a year and a half with plans on moving in together within the next month.

I’m a naturally paranoid person and I had some suspicions/paranoia that he was talking to guys behind my back. I decided to look in his phone and on the app that we started talking on (he goes on regularly to talk to online friends which I’ve always been aware of and have no issues with) and I saw that he sent mostly nude (his privates are covered but everything else is exposed) pictures to guys and let the guy talk about what “he would do to him.” But in another message thread with another guy, when asked if he wanted to hook up, my bf said no since he isn’t single.

I guess I don’t know how to react? On one hand it bothers me a lot that he’s sending sexual messages to other people. On the other he doesn’t seem to be doing anything physical so is it actually cheating? All the while I technically shouldn’t know all of this since I was snooping.

I’m very conflicted because I want to confront him, especially since we have plans to live together, but I’m not sure how since I shouldn’t even know this info.

Tl;dr: I snooped on my boyfriend’s phone because I’m paranoid and saw that he was sexting other guys but also refusing to meet in person with them because he’s in a relationship, and I don’t know how to respond since he doesn’t know I know.

Thoughts/advice please? I don’t know how to react."|the_auroraborealis|False|https://redd.it/ek9z0c|1|0.67|0|1|1|relationships
ek1whh|2020-01-04 20:23:33|Am I (21f) making a mistake breaking up with my boyfriend (24m)?|"Apologies for the block text, I’m on mobile. 

To start off, this relationship is not abusive or manipulative. We have lived together for 2 years and besides the occasional annoyance he is a great person. I love him but I feel as though I may not be in love with him. 

I have been thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend of nearly four years. We started dating before I started college and now that I’m about to graduate in May, I feel like I’m not ready to settle down like he may be. All of his friends are getting married, having kids, and I know he wants to get married one day. I on the other hand have gone trough a traumatic year with my parents separating, and the fallout of that. I don’t think I will get married for quite some time. I’m still really young and want to experience things that I feel he holds me back from. He doesn’t want me to travel without him. He doesn’t want me to go out without him. 

Another issue I’m grappling with is wanting more sexual experiences. He is a Christian and in the nicest way possible is very *vanilla* and I want things to be different. I’m also getting hung up on the fact that he has been my only sexual partner. Am I missing out? 

I’m worried that this feeling could pass, but on the other hand I feel that it may never go away. Am I wasting both of our time?

TL;DR: Should I break up with my boyfriend of four years that I feel like holds me back sexually and socially?"|jasminestillwell|False|https://redd.it/ek1whh|7|0.69|0|12|1|relationships
ek4tmw|2020-01-05 00:00:43|The guy my sister broke up with is stalking her and she doesn’t take it serious|"Tldr: my (30 f) older sister (37) dated a guy from tinder who turned out to be married. He wanted to string her along and she has been trying to break up with him for two months but the guy doesn’t give up. After being blocked from everywhere he showed up at her house. I’m telling my sister to report him to police but she says she feels sorry for him. 

This is a bit long and I’m all over the place because I feel lost and unable to do something for her. 

My sister is a single mother to a 17 yo boy. She has gone through a 12 year abusive marriage, grew up with our abusive father in a freakin muslim country where she was forced to do many things in her life. When her husband tried to choke her the second time and my father told her to go back, She eventually took her son and ran away. She lives in europe now and recently got a job a software developer. Because of ever she has gone through, it’s not surprising that she is (disturbed? ). She has been making bad choices in men, kinda finding men who are assholes like our father and treat her bad and she is always caught up in drama. 
I have almost the same story as her, except I didn’t wait to have a kid and physical abuse to escalate to that degree. I ran away earlier and at some point i ended up in psychotherapy and was diagnosed with ptsd and clinical depression. Since then I’ve been more and more aware of how I’ve been damaged and have been constantly trying to find healing/coping mechanisms. Now mental illnesses are not a thing in our culture, you’re lazy, weak or crazy. So no matter how much I’ve told my sister to go to therapy, she doesn’t. 

She dated this guy off of tinder. At first things seemed ok, he was interested in her son and was insisting to meet him and very soon my sister invited him to their home. After roughly three months she found out that he is married and has two kids, one severely autistic. He is considered mentally unable to work so gets benefits from the government of another european country where he is supposed to live in. He is working black in this country though. His wife who used to be a nurse became a stay at home mom after marrying him because he wanted so and is also living off government benefits. So lots of shady shit going on with them lying to government and living a double life. 
I suggested to my sister to immediately ghost him and do not engage in any further discussion because that guy is a professional asshole and you won’t get anything, any closure any answer from him.  Of course she didn’t. He was telling her that he will divorce his wife soon and after a couple of months my sister decided that even single, she didn’t want to be with him. 
We had long phone calls during this period, she told me she needs help with being a parent, she is alone and she wants a family which are all understandable but I asked her if he is the kind of role model her son needs, there are no values he cares for. He had proudly told my sister that he teaches his son to hit the teachers in school if he feels like it because “ in these countries no one can put a hand on you in return “. It makes me sick how awful of a person he is. 
Anyway my sister told him she wants space to think things through and told him after a week that she wants a break up and not to contact her. He not only didn’t respect her wish to give her space in the first place but also he never stopped contacting her.  Sending his voice crying, fighting to begging, all classics. Last week my sister goes home to see him sitting in his living room with her son. She talked normal in front of her kid and later contacts him to say never do this again. 
When my sister told me this i was scared and angry and asked her why isn’t she defending herself, that this is stalking and she shouldn’t accept being treated like this. My sister though, says she is used to drama and doesn’t see it as serious violation. I don’t know how to tell her anymore that this is wrong and she must take it serious and report him. 

P.s. She has also had a relationship with another married man couple of years ago, he left his family and started cheating on my sister too. She was not allowed to go to school, was isolated and in ruins when i saw her. It took her two years for her to get back in life, study, get a job or make friends but seems she is so prone to this kind of manipulation. This guy had already started isolating and controlling her, no make up, ruining her plans to see friends etc."|Avendesora-|False|https://redd.it/ek4tmw|5|0.84|0|4|1|relationships
ek9u4k|2020-01-05 07:26:02|My Ex (17F) is pissed off at me because I (18M) hooked up with another girl two weeks after our breakup|"I will have to explain myself since the title might be a bit vague but I will try to keep it as short as possible. My ex and I dated for about a year before breaking up due to multiple things that we couldn't agree on. We mutually agreed that it would be better if split up and promised to remain friends since we had always been close even before we started dating. The relationship itself was great, although we did break up which is a bit ironic, but overall I would say that it was filled with laughter and we were both genuinely happy. We were genuinely in love and there was no major event that caused our breakup. There was no backstabbing or remorseful actions made either like cheating or lying. Overall it was a very healthy relationship and I genuinely thought we could remain friends because of our bond even after we had broken up. About two weeks after we broke up, I hit it off with this girl at a party and we hooked up. At the time I didn't think much of it but my ex somehow became aware of this and was furious. She sent me texts like ""how could you"" along with a bunch of insults that we hadn't ever addressed to one another (Not even in our worst moments like our breakup). I was honestly confused because by the texts she sent I felt like I had cheated on her or something even though this event happened two weeks after our breakup. Obviously the last thing I ever wanted to do was hurt her. To be honest I really care about her and love her. I guess hooking up with this girl was a way for me to get over the breakup. Anyways, our school was hosting this event/party that same night she found out so I decided to confront her about it since she didn't respond to any of the texts I sent her afterwards. Later that night I confronted her when she was alone filling her drink and asked what I did wrong to which she responded hooking up with another girl. I guess at the time I was kind of angry and thought she was acting childish and told her that we had broken up for two weeks and that she was acting as if I had cheated on her. She immediately started tearing up and barely brought herself to speak in a broken voice when she said that ""It still hurt"". I didn't know what to say and she just put her head down and left. You should have seen her face, I mean just seeing her like that has devastated me for the past day (The event was last evening). Honestly I still don't understand why what I did was wrong but just from seeing her like that I know I've fucked up. I haven't talked to her all day and don't even know what to say. Obviously my intention was to never hurt her but now that I clearly have I'm dumbfounded as to how to start a conversation with her. What do I text her or tell her the next time we speak to salvage our friendship? Can our relationship even be saved?

TLDR: My ex is pissed at me because i hooked up with another girl two weeks after we had broken up. I need help starting our next conversation because I don't even know what to tell her. What do I tell her the next time we talk?"|samuelgt|False|https://redd.it/ek9u4k|0|0.5|0|5|1|relationships
ek7cuu|2020-01-05 03:29:25|I don’t like my BF anymore (M21)|"I (F19) have been friends with my BF for 5 YRS before we started dating in college: we have been together over a year and talk about marriage, kids, etc. That doesn’t scare me. I love him, I just don’t think I am in love with him anymore. We rarely have sex because I don’t want to, and when we do it’s kinda like absolutely nothing. My BF is the sweetest man on earth, kind and patient. He would do anything for me, he gets along with my family awesome. He is someone I could see myself marrying and having a family with, I just no longer like him. His short comings are that he second guesses me, sometimes talks over me (he’s been working on this) and doesn’t take me seriously all the time. The guilt of my feelings weighs heavy on me, and I take it out on him by arguing and picking fights and nagging him over things that used to never bother me. I don’t want to hurt him, I love him. I have spent so much time with him that I feel there isn’t a “Me and Him” just “Us” and being as young as I am, that scares the fuck out of me. I have tried to spend less time with him but I always just end up with him anyway- I have no friends & I am isolated but I have done it to myself. I feel like that has a lot to do with my feelings, or lack thereof. I want to be with him, I want this to just be a phase of my emotions, but I also need to find and figure myself out? Is there anyway I can end this on good terms? or even just temporarily? I don’t have any friends at University other than his buddies and him. I don’t want to hurt him, but I feel guilty not telling him the truth yet taking it out on him. Do I try to wait it out? or rip the bandaid off? Any other tips? I would want to work it out but I don’t know if I will be taken seriously or not. It makes me sad that I treat him poorly, I don’t know how to change my feelings of frustration back into love 

TLDR: My BF loves me a lot but I feel like I no longer have an identity or feelings of being in love, but still love and care for him very much, as we have been friends since we were young. I need insight"|throwaway-acc1919|False|https://redd.it/ek7cuu|2|0.75|0|10|1|relationships
ek5qel|2020-01-05 01:14:21|Should I (34m) reconnect with my brother (32m)?|"I'm 34m, brother is 32m. We were pretty close growing up, no major issues and kept on being close into adulthood. I got married about 6 years ago and he got married 5 years ago. Problems started when I had my first kid four years ago. He and his wife are pretty staunchly childfree, which is fine, doesn't make a bit of difference to me.

When we announced the pregnancy their response was ""FYI, we're not kid people, we will not baby sit and we don't want to be around kids. Hope you understand."" Ok, fine, you're not a kid person. I mean, that's their choice but it made keeping up the relationship hard. We can't come to their house with a kid, they won't come to our house. They won't meet us if we bring the kid. When we meet he doesn't want to hear about the kid. I mean, I got a baby at home, it isn't easy for me to find time to go get beers and when I do you don't want me to talk about this amazing thing that's happened to me. Fine, whatever, we can talk about baseball.

Then two years ago we had our second kid. My wife had went into labor early and needed an emergency C Section. She spent two weeks in the hospital and my kid was in the NICU for two months. It was a miserable time. My parents were awesome but my brother wasn't even around. And look, I don't need him to baby sit but even a little ""hey bro, how are you doing? Can I come by and walk the dog for you?"" would have been nice. I pretty much wrote him off at that point. He would still occasionally ask me out for a beer but I wasn't interested.

So fast forward to now. Bro is going through some tough times. He's got some kind of medical situation which caused him to lose his job and he's all down. My mom is pushing me to reconnect with him. She says this is my chance to rekindle the relationship and get my brother back. To be 100% honest, I know she's right. This is my chance, but I just can't bring myself to take it. I'm so angry at what he did and all I can remember is sitting there in the hospital needing someone to talk to and he wasn't there.

My wife knows all this. She really dislikes my brother and his wife for all this but she says if I want to reconnect it's my decision and she'll be fine with it. I feel like I should be a better man and I feel like I'm failing as a brother but I just can't force myself to do it. I feel like even if we reconnected I would never be able to move past what he did.

I don't know what to do here. On the one hand I feel like it's my anger and bitterness that's preventing me from reaching out and I hate making decisions out of negative emotions like that, but I've just never felt so strongly negative before.

**TL;DR** Brother did not support me when I really needed him.  Now he needs me and I feel like I should reach out but I just can't."|Anxious_Imagination|False|https://redd.it/ek5qel|3|0.72|0|9|1|relationships
ek799f|2020-01-05 03:20:48|Shall I end this now? Me (28/M) Her (21/F)|"Hi everyone.

Long story short, I've had a friend of 3 years that I more or less speak to every day, except when we had an argument for a few months.  She's a mother with a 6 month old, and been single for about 3 or 4 months now. 

On new years day at exactly midnight, she sent me a paragraph asking to be her boyfriend. Because we've known each other, and despite issues we still talk and I've helped her through problems with her previous relationships, being abused, etc. 

I said yes. 

Since then she kept saying she doesn't feel I'm serious because I've been distant (I've been busy), and I haven't even posted it on social media. 

So today I did just that, however because she continously says she doesn't feel I'm serious, it sparked my curiosity, and I made a fake account on Instagram and snap. She's sent revealing pics in lingerie and ass shots, saying she needs some you know what. 

Now do I end this right here? Or am I in the wrong also for the fake account? I can't even call her out on it because she will know its me.

TL;DR Committed to a relationship with a close friend, but strange behavior got me curious. Made a fake account and added her, which I admit is wrong, but found out she's trying to get laid by this ""person"", or at least sexting them."|Zazynga|False|https://redd.it/ek799f|2|1.0|0|7|1|relationships
ek9m1t|2020-01-05 07:01:31|Gf wants to be friends|"Relationship advice needed
Tl;dr girlfriend wants to be friends but we still have pda going on she says she wants to build a friendship with me first to have a better relationship 

So I have a girlfriend well friend now I guess (F22) I’m (F24) we were together about 7 months and out of nowhere she says she doesn’t like me anymore but has no definite reason as to why we’ve been good i treat her well and all of that I treat her like the queen she is but she says she doesn’t like me any more it’s almost like we got together immediately I fell in love with her at first glance

And she says that’s the problem we didn’t really get to build a friendship before a relationship but it’s like we still see each other everyday she spends the night we cuddle up and everything still we still spend the whole day together as suggested by her sometimes and sometimes suggested by me just wondering how I can just be her friend it’s kinda difficult tho. Just trying to figure out what’s going on in her head she says she just wants to be friends but there’s still pda and everything and I wanna make it right with her so trying to see what I need to do on my behalf to make it right and get where we need to be in a healthy relationship"|CorellaDeville|False|https://redd.it/ek9m1t|0|0.5|0|3|1|relationships
ek9lwz|2020-01-05 07:01:06|Being catfished by the man I’m dating.|"Double posted because r/relationships has a lot more ppl online right now. 

Pretty sure guy (42m) I’m (48f) dating is trying to spy on me on social media. Seems like a fake profile keeps trying to follow me.

I’m actually a bit surprised right now. He does not seem the type at all to do this.

So a few months back I got a request from someone I didn’t know. Cute pic I look at his friends and it looked like he was friends with one of mine so I accepted.

I was checking out his profile a few weeks ago and noticed that the person I thought we had in common was actually just a similar user name. I looked more and the few friends he had didn’t seem legit. Like all from India and over the world or online models. So I unfriended him. Very few of his own posts too. 

He sent another request and I ignored it and asked him how I know him. No answer for a couple of weeks. Now he’s telling me he thinks we met at the bar me and my guy met at. I’m like no way!? That’s way too much of a coincidence. He could have named any bar. I don’t go out much and I think that’s the only bar me and him have been too though. 

Then he posts a pic right before messaging me where someone made a comment about meeting up at the same bar this week! Then this other person changed their comment within in a couple of minutes to just ask about going out for drinks after work!

Left that shit on read.

Feel like I’m definitely being catfished by this guy. What do you all think? How would you respond to the fake him and real him lol? Jesus

TL:DR think I’m being catfished by the guy I’m about to not be dating anymore."|peekabooiseeyou2019|False|https://redd.it/ek9lwz|1|0.6|0|5|1|relationships
ek5iww|2020-01-05 00:56:51|How to tell her that we should stop speaking?|"Me (M18) and my ex (F19) have been in contact, after being broken up for five months.

To cut this very short, we both talked about our past and all of which included us. However, she mentioned her previous ex-boyfriend to me and how he is still reaching out to her. She talked about how she loved him, whereas I (indirectly speaking) was/am the middle man and fill in the gap, sorta person. From my knowledge, they no longer talk to each other anymore and she is pretty upset because of it.

She was in love with him, which left me on the side to suffer. Anyways, I don't want to talk to her anymore because I don't see the point in trying to make things work when it will just never happen. I also hate how she speaks about him all the time, completely putting aside what she did to me (even though she's aware, but just not as talkative about that). 

Is there any way to completely break it off and go no contact, just as those five months I went without her was? Any ways to do so will be helpful, thanks

tl;dr - Ex-gf messaged me after five months, but talks more about previous ex-bf rather than me. I was just the middleman, but how do I tell her that we should stop speaking?"|Dystonet|False|https://redd.it/ek5iww|3|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ek73lf|2020-01-05 03:07:41|Mixed-Size Relationship Judgement (31M (me) and 28F)|"So I’m about to get married in a week and a half to the most amazing human I’ve ever known. This is a woman who loves and cares for me in a way that no one ever has and I could tell you so many stories about the times we’ve had, about how she’s saved me from hardship and myself, and how much fun we’ve had together as friends for 2 years and dating for 3 up until now. I consider myself very lucky and I wouldn’t trade her for anything.

One thing that is a struggle though sometimes; I’m a skinny guy with a skinny family and she’s not obese but certainly overweight with a larger family. That fact doesn’t bother me really as it doesn’t change how much I love her and she is making an effort working to keep her life together, eat right, lose weight, and work out / do yoga with me regularly. She’s also much better in getting the right motivation down than I’ll ever be and her family has accepted me and my side wholeheartedly. But while I know my family is getting to know her and they do like and care for her, her weight clearly bothers them to where they will often talk to me about her weight and ask if she’s quote ‘working on trimming herself up’ for her own health and to feel better. 

They bring it up from time to time to where it’s becoming uncomfortable and it’s gotten more prevalent after seeing how large her side of the family is. There were some moments where it was harmful; my father has made snide comments about her size behind her back in the past. But I and my mother shut that right up by talking to him and it hasn’t happened again since. It also doesn’t help that my grandmother lost her sister because of health problems due to her weight and my uncle is currently struggling with the same so they’re terrified she’s going to go the same way. 

It’s not that I don’t see their point and I don’t think it’s necessarily said with malice or anything like that. I do think they genuinely care about her and want to see her happy and I can always tell when people are being cruel to her about it. But at the same time, it does feel like judgement sometimes given societal norms and I (perhaps naively) never realized how much of an issue this would be. I haven’t had any problems with other people about this (at least not yet) as most of ours friends have been super supportive and even helping her. But I have a feeling this is going to be an external issue that’s not going to go away and I’m not sure how best to handle it especially once we have children. 

For those in similar relationships, any thoughts or comments on what to do or how you deal with those kinds of conversations, comments, and potential judgements? 

TL;DR — Feeling uncomfortable / judgement from family (and possibly others) over future wife’s weight"|Floofer11|False|https://redd.it/ek73lf|2|1.0|0|6|1|relationships
ek9jeb|2020-01-05 06:52:50|How can I [18F] stop overreacting and getting angry over everything?|"TL;DR: this last few weeks I’ve been irritated and angry all the time for no reason, which is causing me to take it off on my family and boyfriend. How can I stop? 


For the last couple of weeks I’ve noticed that my patience is getting lower every day. I get angry and frustrated at everything and everyone. I’m home from college until mid January and I kid you not my family and my boyfriend  are driving  insane. I feel awful because I know that is not their fault, it is mine. I blow things waaay out of proportion. 

My grandparents are staying over and I absolutely adore them but lately I get stressed out and irritated over every little thing that they say. You know, they’re older and sometimes they forget stuff or don’t understand things so easily so I have to repeat myself so many times and it drives me crazy. I try not to be rude but sometimes I can’t help it and I end up answering in a really harsh way or just ignoring them and omg I am not even exaggerating that it breaks my heart the fact that I do that to them. They’re so precious and I love them and I can’t believe I can be such a fucking asshole to them, but I’m not kidding when I say I can’t control myself in the moment.

Parents and little brother, same thing. They ask me for a favor, or make a comment, a joke, anything that I can find slightly offending or rude and I’ll take it so personally and get mad and act petty. 

With my boyfriend, we’ve been dating for a little over a year now, we go to college together but we’re both back home so we don’t really get to see each other that much. It’s mostly communication through text. I swear I will get mad over any little text that sounds slightly annoyed, or if he takes too long to reply, or if he doesn’t reply the exact way I wanted him to. And I know perfectly that I literally have zero reason to get mad at him whenever he does things like that, especially since he’s always so attentive and caring with me. And it hurts to know that I’m not lately. I’ve just being starting fights over everything for absolutely no reason. 

I honestly don’t know what to do. I wanna be alone all the time because having human interaction just makes me turn into this monster. Idk what is wrong with me, I feel this pressure constantly. This anger and frustration that I don’t know where it’s coming from. I’m so irritated all the time and I’m taking it off on the people that I love and I don’t know how to stop myself. Please help."|sofia812|False|https://redd.it/ek9jeb|1|0.67|0|6|1|relationships
ek49rv|2020-01-04 23:18:38|Girlfriend (27) is moving out of “our” house to move with with some friends.|"We’re both students. Met at college, and went to the same uni. Been together almost 5 years. She moved in with me and my parents around 4 years ago. 

I live with my mum because she’s quite ill, she has absolutely no friends and my siblings don’t have time for her (apart from when they need money or a babysitter). Her and my dad are separated, but have to live together for financial reasons, and I have to act as a “buffer” to stop them screaming at each other. It’s exhausting but it is what it is. Also, I have to pay certain bills because they’re struggling, which I can’t afford to pay double of. 

My house is also a 5 minute walk to the university. The house they’ll be moving to is about a 110 minute walk (I can’t drive, and I can’t afford to whilst paying various things for my parent’s house) to both the uni and my mother’s house. 

Up until a few days ago we were talking about saving up for a mortgage now that she’s on the border of graduating. 

Yesterday she and 2 friends decided they’re moving in together within a few weeks.  Friend 1 will be paying the mortgage (large inheritance), friend 2 and GF will be paying rent to friend 1. I have been invited to move in too, but for the reasons above I can’t. 

How do I adjust from seeing her every night to 1 or 2 times a week? 

I obviously don’t want to stop her living her life, but how do I retain our relationship?

TL:DR 

Gf is moving out with me, and in with (mutual) friends. I’m not sure how I adjust to this."|LD1996|False|https://redd.it/ek49rv|3|0.78|0|16|1|relationships
ek9gce|2020-01-05 06:43:44|Some of my (14M) friends (14-15F) have been getting into witchy and spiritual stuff and I don't like it.|"So my friends recently have been getting into stuff like tarot cards and astrology (like star signs and shit like that), along with alternative medicine stuff like crystals etc. We've been friends for years now and one of them has been into stuff like this for a long time but she recently introduced it to the rest of the friend group and now all of them are getting into it. I don't really hate it. In fact, I find it interesting. I don't believe in it by any means but I'm completely respectful when it comes to other people's beliefs.

However, I feel like they are taking it too far. They are constantly talking about tarot cards and crystals and essential oils now. Two of them the other day had a conversation about how some kind of ""entity"" attached to one of their cats and is making the cat feel bad. They completely believed what they are talking about! It just seemed kind of dumb to me but I never really asked anything about it or made fun of them or anything.

They really take astrology stuff far though. I'm not a very popular sign and they occasionally make fun of me for it, but as like a friend way. I do the same thing to other people i'm friends with, it's not a big deal. One time though, when we got in a fight about a year ago, the one who's always been very serious about this stuff told people that it isn't surprising I was doing this stuff because it was in my blood since I was born at a specific period? They said it in a group chat I wasn't a part of so I don't think they were joking or anything. We've since made up though, and now we're good. The same girl keeps kind of pre-invalidating relationships or refuses friendships with other people because they don't like their star sign or their not compatible. They are now using it as actual evidence that somebody is shitty, when I don't think their birth time and date should have anything to do with that, personally. I've said stuff like ""Yeah, they might be a gemini but don't let that actually influence your feelings about her, though"" and they brushed me off. I'm probably overreacting but I also want to do something about it before it get's worse.

Another thing is that the majority of them currently identify as lesbians. And apparently witchy stuff is a thing in wlw culture? Like the aesthetic of it. Also considering that's it's based of beliefs and stuff I really don't want to hurt their feelings or anything.

My mom said that lots of teenagers tend to get into this stuff around this time because it helps them make more sense of their lives and establish some kind of order. I think that's wise, but I'm afraid my friends are getting into it too much?

So reddit,

Should I confront my friends about it? How should I do it?

I like this friend group in virtually every other way and I would really like to keep it.

Will it just sort it self out?

I will be happy to answer any questions, but I'm going to go to bed soon probably. Sorry if this came off as kind of a vent, I've been bottling this up. Also not meaning to offend anyone who is interested in this sort of stuff! Like I said, I find it cool too. I just don't think you should let it interfere with your life?

TL;DR: Friends are getting into alternative medicine and other spiritual stuff. I feel like it might become a problem down the line? What should I do."|hormones-inc|False|https://redd.it/ek9gce|0|0.33|0|3|1|relationships
ek9edp|2020-01-05 06:37:48|M33 thinks 3 year relationship with F35 is probably over, can I please get some outside opinions?|"I genuinely care about her and want her to have the best future possible whether that is with me or not. 

I want to summarise some of the key points that make me think this is no longer working and it is not the best thing for either of us to stay in the relationship.

* I am no longer physically attracted to her
* We don't have sex at all except on rare occasions
* When we first met she said that she was unsure about whether she wanted children or not, later going on to say that she is 40/60 and now she is 100% and even looking into freezing eggs to preserve her current fertility. For me this is a far more complex issue and something that I don't have a huge drive towards for various reasons (mainly passing on genetic conditions, ability to look after a child and the future of the earth).
* The communication between us is very poor, I tell her over and over things that she does that bother me yet she continues to do them and then complains that I'm always complaining about something. From my perspective though, if issues arise and are never resolved then issues just continue to pile up. So while it might seem like I'm always picking on her, it's just the same stuff over and over again;
* Following on from the last point, I had a wake up call recently where two of my friends pointed out to me that I overreacted when I had a go at her for not listening to me when I was talking to her. She had acknowledged me when we first started talking and I'd included my friend in the conversation because his friend was part of the story but I'd noticed that she'd stopped listening. She does it all the time and if it was an isolated incident I probably wouldn't have reacted that way but I guess the frustration is boiling up inside me to the point that I've lost my patience and I don't even know how I appear when I react anymore;
* Following on again, a great concern of mine is that I don't want a toxic relationship to lead to my partner being unhappy but I also don't want it to turn in to me being a person that I am ashamed of or at minimum occasionally behaving in a way that I'm not proud of.   


Something that is difficult is that she has a lot of anger problems and she's agreed to go to anger management a couple of times but never did anything about it. All of my family think she is the most wonderful person and don't get me wrong, she is a lovely person but they don't see the chronically angry person that only myself or her mother see. She has a very poor almost non-existent relationship with her father that needs addressing which could be the reason and I've offered some guidance and to seek out help but her and her mother brush it off. We come from different kinds of families where my family are open and her family don't talk about emotional matters.  


TL:DR Relationship with partner of 3 years has become toxic, would appreciate any advice."|nickneptune|False|https://redd.it/ek9edp|1|0.67|0|2|1|relationships
ek3yzp|2020-01-04 22:56:08|I (23F) don’t get the way my bf (32M) see love|"My boyfriend said he felt love with only one woman in his life, it was his second girlfriend. He had other partners but only felt love with this specific woman. They broke up because she cheated on him. Also that when we slept before he didn’t feel love but he thinks he can eventually get there, but he’s not sure if it’s gonna happen. We have been in a FWB relationship since 2017 and decided to get more serious recently. It’s weird for me to get in a relationship with a guy that doesn’t love me only “like me” a lot. Why even try if the feelings aren’t there? I just don’t get the way he see love. I’m afraid he will never feel it with me.


TL;DR: recent relationship and boyfriend made clear that he doesn’t love me. Said that he only felt it with one woman in his life (his second gf) but he thinks he can get there with me, but not sure if it’s gonna happen. According to him love is something that we gotta build up in a relationship and it doesn’t happen overnight. I’m afraid he will never love me no matter how hard I try."|Dressa1996|False|https://redd.it/ek3yzp|6|0.86|0|3|1|relationships
ek99qg|2020-01-05 06:23:52|I [33F] asked my [35M] boyfriend to share his phone password with me. Argument ensued.|"Some backstory, My boyfriend and I have been officially together for 5 1/2 years. Unofficially about 6 1/2 years. We own a house together, dogs, health insurance. We've known each other since high school and were friends before we started dating. 

Tonight, we were in the car on the way back from getting some dinner and he wanted me to change the song that was playing on his spotify but I couldnt get to it without unlocking his phone. I asked him for the password and he declined to give it to me and said that it was private. He said that its one of his boundaries.

At this point of our relationship, he has my phone password, my laptop password, the pin to my debit card any other thing that might be important to have. When he declined to give it to me, it really hurt my feelings. So I asked him, if we're still together in 10 years from now, will you still not give it to me? His answer, Yes, because I shouldn't be allowed to snoop through his phone and interpret conversations that I have no context of. I told him that he needs to trust me since I've never gone through any of his things and never felt the need to. He said that if I trust him I should just leave it like that and live with it because he's not going to let me bully him into giving it. 

Am I wrong to be upset and want it?

TLDR Boyfriend of almost 6 years doesnt want to share his phone password. Am I wrong to be upset?"|hotsun4u|False|https://redd.it/ek99qg|1|0.67|0|11|1|relationships
ekcd0f|2020-01-05 12:21:33|My [21 F] boyfriend's [25M] roommate [25M] keeps saying gay things and it seems like he's trying to come on to him.|"I'm desperate for help. My boyfriend and I have have been dating for a few months now. He's very sweet and loving and good to me, but there are a few issues that are driving me mad. Him and his roommate are very close and best friends, (both male) and I'm completely okay with that. However, there are times when we hang out that his roommate says certain things that make me really uncomfortable and upset. For example, I called my boyfriend a ""garbage food dumpster"" and his roommate retaliated with ""at least she got one word right. Dumpster. I wonder what comes first though."" I tried to keep my cool, but this obviously sounds like a cum dumpster joke, like he's trying to call my boyfriend a cum dumpster right in front of me. On other occasions he has said similar things such as talking about my bf being ""taken from behind"" and shit like that. My boyfriend pretends to be oblivious or ignore that it happens, and when I finally confronted him he got super overly defensive and aggressive with me. I should also mention he has had insecurities about being accused of being gay with his roommate in the past; he cut off contact with his father because of that. I try to be as cool as possible but with his roommate dropping very obvious hints like that I can't simply ignore it. After confronting about the cum dumpster joke, he claimed his roommate was trying to imply 'dumpster fire' (but that sounds like total bullshit honestly). Instead of even trying to listen and understand me, he instantly took up for his roommate and threatened to leave and not talk to me again unless I dropped it. Now I am feeling stuck in a corner, and like he won't even talk to me about this, and he got mad when I asked him to talk to his roommate to stop that shit too. I feel really lost. I don't want to throw away the relationship. Other than these issues, I really like him. But I know that he will continue to defend his roommate and disregard my feelings. Any advice/comments/help?

&#x200B;

tldr: My boyfriend's roommate is going too far about saying certain things about my boyfriend and it's causing me to get upset and my boyfriend to get mad at me. Is there any way to fix this or am I screwed? He instantly thought I was accusing him of being gay with his roommate instead of trying to understand that the stuff he is saying is making me very upset."|Silent_Loudred|False|https://redd.it/ekcd0f|0|0.36|0|27|1|relationships
ek970t|2020-01-05 06:16:24|Boyfriend Panics during Sex|"Hello everyone! 
So me (19) and my boyfriend (18) have been dating for 14 months, and having sex for 6 months (doing everything but going art the way for the first chunk of our relationship- I wanted to take it slow). We have come across and issue lately. He starts to panic during sex. I don’t know how to help him or what advice to give him. 

So it all began about three months ago. Keep in mind, he gets horny much quicker than I do and is almost always the one to initiate things. He was in the mood, and I was unsure bc I had just ended my period and usually have a day of light spotting. He assured me he didn’t mind. Right as he was about to put it in he noticed a little blood and bam, he went soft. 

Following this, we had the issue of him “going soft” every so often (maybe every 2 weeks?) but usually we’d take a second to calm down and he’d be ready again five minutes later. 

Last month it completely changed. He started getting nervous about sex and not wanting to go all the way. When I would try to talk to him about it, he would explain that he was nervous it would happen again and that he felt as though he wasn’t good at sex. I assured him we could take a couple steps back and take it slow, and tried to boost his confidence talking about how much I (honestly do) love the sex. 

We’ve gotten to the point where he wants to start having sex again and he goes into it so confidently. However, the past two times we’ve tried to have sex he’s started to panic right before he puts it in, his breathing gets fast and shakey, and his body starts shaking. Both times I’ve seen this happen we’ve stopped right away and he just hugs me and starts almost crying and sounds just defeated. Both times I’ve held him and told him it’s okay and he was doing great and he’s fine, trying to calm him down. 

This is completely out of character because outside of our relationship he is SO confident with all of his friends, with strangers, with our families, with anyone he interacts with. 

So my question is: has anyone had any similar experiences? What have you done to help your partner? What should I do in this situation? 


TL;DR: Me (f19) and my boyfriend (m18) have dated for 14 months, been having sex for 6 months, and in the past three months he’s started to become insecure about his performance during sex causing him to become soft, and in the past month it has escalated into (what seems to be) panic attacks during sex (where he gets shakey and begins to almost cry, and just hugs me and sounds so defeated)."|hamiltonly|False|https://redd.it/ek970t|1|0.67|0|5|1|relationships
ek51h8|2020-01-05 00:18:06|My (23F) boyfriend (27M) kept getting fired from his job a secret|"Hi Reddit,

I've been dating my boyfriend for about a year and a half. We met at work, and I left after about a year because it was a very toxic work environment, even for a restaurant. I have a new job now, I'm a student and work as a server, he's a bartender and doesn't have a degree or many other interests. Basically, he got fired about a week ago and didn't tell me, even though we've been together almost everyday since. He kept telling me he got cut for the night (what they do on a slow night). Which I thought was odd since New Years Eve is really busy.

Basically, last night I asked to use his phone to look up directions to the restaurant we were going to and he said ""no"" with this weird look on his face. I honestly thought he must be cheating or hiding something since this is not like him. We were quiet until we got to dinner and I made a joke like ""maybe your other girlfriend will like this place since you're hiding your phone now"" and he said ""I'm not cheating, i got fired. One of the managers has been texting me about it and I didn't want you to see, I was planning on telling you tonight""

I don't care that he got fired, it was a shitty job with bad management. But he lied to my face for a week! He said he didn't want to burden me with it. I feel like this is a big breach of trust? What can I do? Just let it go and be supportive? Men, is there a reason he would hide this that isn't because he thinks I would make it worse? Am I making this too much about me? I could use some feedback. Thanks

TL;DR  my boyfriend kept getting fired from his job a secret from me for week (even though we'd spent nearly every day together), not sure if I'm being self involved to be upset about it or if this is a red flag

&#x200B;

edit: clarity"|chickennuggetisacat|False|https://redd.it/ek51h8|3|0.72|0|6|1|relationships
ek942g|2020-01-05 06:08:31|I hurt my favorite person, and I wouldn't blame her if she didn't forgive me.|" 

First of all, I’m not seeking redemption. I’m not seeking forgiveness. I’m not seeking kind words. I’m seeking closure from this horrible act...

A day ago my girlfriend of 3 and 1/2 years F(19) and I M(19) just got back from skiing. Amazing trip, we went with my family and for two days had nothing but fun. The trip back was fun as we got to cut up and talk alone which is a rare occurrence as both of us have big families and live at home. We got to talking and found out that we’d be getting home before my parent so we decided it was only natural to have a little fun when we got back. 

She has a IUD and we’ve had raw sessions before, but she didn’t want that today because it kind of sketches her out because she gets anxious but I understood and we had a good, protected time. 

We hung out for the rest of the day, paid our tuitions after our session and had all of our ducks in a row. Everything was going swimmingly. Vacation had, tuitions paid, good times had by both of us. 

Went over to hers for the rest of the day because I was out of work that day and we were staying up late watching movies. Told her mom and dad we had a good time, and practiced guitar with her dad some. Joked around with her little brother(M15), then we all ate dinner and everyone went to bed except us.

 We put on a movie and almost immediately got hot and bothered. she was feeling me up and I was doing the same to her. This continued for a while movie until her pants were halfway off and so were mine. I was beside myself horny and so was she. Mind you we’ve done this many a time before on her downstairs couch when everyone’s asleep but this time was about to be so much different. One thing led to another and I was big spoon and she was little, pants still halfway off. I slipped it in and she seemed okay with it even though she didn’t want to go it raw earlier. I mistook that for an invitation to speed it up so I kept going. Fast forward two minutes and she tells me to stop so I don’t finish in her. 

I hear her...

Message received that she doesn’t want me to continue but I was close and I kept going... 

I don’t know what came over time to continue but I did and 15 seconds and two muffled “stops” later I had done it. Worst mistake in my life. I am immediately washed over with guilt and disbelief. What have I done... “where did you finish” is all she said... I couldn’t respond. She asked again but I was panicking at the thought of what I had just done to her. 

My own girlfriend the one I’m supposed to protect from this kind of thing. The one she can trust at her most exposed. I took advantage of her. 

She left to go clean up and I was sitting on the couch in shock. She came out and said nothing to me. I tried to talk to her and apologize but she was just looking blankly at me.

We eventually talked about it and all she said was that she was upset and hurt. I tried to console her but I felt dirty and I knew nothing I could say would help. She said she forgave me and that we would talk more later, but the air was different around us. I left shortly after.

 I almost got sick on the way home and It was next to impossible for me to calm down to fall asleep that night. I know it was even worse for her. We hung out the next day but things still felt different. 

We still talked. We still laughed. We still cuddled. But it was different. 

She said we still needed to talk and we did tonight over text and she told me she’s Distraught. She even told me that she’s going to a therapist soon because of this. I told her I feel nothing but guilt and sorrow for what I have done, but I know no matter how shitty I feel it will never match how I made her feel... 

My head is spinning I feel sick to my stomach and I have nowhere to turn to get this off of my chest... 

I told her to only text me when she’s ready. I said I will respect any decision she makes about our “relationship” if you can call it that anymore. I have nothing without her and that’s what makes the horrible thing I did even worse. 3+ years of both our lives we have spent together and I just lost all trust and respect in a matter of minutes.

 I took advantage of her and I know that’s not okay. I tell her I just want her to feel okay and whatever has to happen to make her feel better is what has to happen. 

She basically said we should take a break and after we had both said our pieces we said goodnight. Oddly enough that’s the thing I’ll miss the most if she leaves. Someone to say goodnight to, someone to hold and know that I’m safe around. But now I know she can’t feel that safety around me because of what I’ve done. 

I’m a mess and I have no clue what to do with myself. I want her to forgive me but I keep asking myself what I’d do in her shoes and idk if I’d forgive me... Anyway, I don’t know what I’m looking for posting this on here... but I just need to get it off my chest.

**tldr: I took advantage of the one I hold most dear, and I can't forgive myself and I wouldn't blame her if she doesn't either.**"|Johnny_Doe0513|False|https://redd.it/ek942g|0|0.5|0|2|1|relationships
ek2mzy|2020-01-04 21:17:12|I (22F) feel like I’ve lost my girlfriend (21F) of 4 years to bipolar disorder|"We started dating when we were 17 and instantly clicked. 3.5 years of relative bliss went by. Same life goals, never fights, always open and clear communication. Mutual respect. We were known by everyone (friends, parents, coworkers) as the most perfect and healthy couple and this was true even behind closed doors. Never in my life had I connected with someone on this level and we both felt the same way about each other. 

Her grandmother is diagnosed bipolar, her mother is undiagnosed but most definitely bipolar + at this point psychologically unstable. At 21 we both began to see warning signs in her. Mood swings at first. Then illogical relationship issues. For example, 3 months of “everything is perfect, I’m so happy” then suddenly one day.... “you have been doing this wrong and I’ve been so sad and hurt for months, I’m not happy” back to “everything is perfect”. Which is it? 

Then came the drinking. We always partied + clubbed +I loved that she could handle her shit always. Now she consistently gets too drunk + I have to take care of her and she becomes extremely mean towards me and our friends. (Ex. Locked me out of my own house in the cold at a party + then blamed me for not spending time w her. Told one of our friends “FUCK YOU” repeatedly when he told a story of meeting a celebrity). She used to be so chill, even briefly experimented w swinging which was super fun until one fateful day we stopped b/c she freaked out and decided she “never wanted this” and then proceeded to fuck our FWB the next time we hung out 

I miss my girl. This is the first time I haven’t been happy. I miss the love of my life and I don’t know what to do. 

TL;DR: Girlfriend of 4 years was a perfect match until (presumed) Bipolar Disorder set in"|BeowulfX97|False|https://redd.it/ek2mzy|6|0.72|0|5|1|relationships
ek6fmb|2020-01-05 02:11:31|I'm sure I'm Codependent|"How do I remove myself from a person I feel is emotionally bullying that I've had a non monogamous relationship with for 6 years?  I work with this man and he's started to be involved with clients, yet blames me for being jealous when I warn him about how that can look  or how it will affect revenue once their relationship ends.  He has a history of telling me I'm crazy, jealous all the things. Then when I retreat, he tries to make me feel better.  The thing is the latest woman cried to me about how it's different with them, how she was feeling special only to find out that she wasn't the only one and she was sure he was dating another client as well.       

He's my supervisor and my only social circle is tightly wrapped up here as well and it's a small town.  There's no higher ups. No one to talk to.

I can't stand it anymore. I've known of 6 years of this and I don't know how to get out and not fall into depression. 


Tl:Dr I suck at boundaries."|throwRAlbnn|False|https://redd.it/ek6fmb|2|0.76|0|4|1|relationships
ek6f81|2020-01-05 02:10:35|I am emotionally attracted to my friend but not physically attracted to him|"When I (24F) met my friend (25M) about 2 years ago I felt like we just clicked. We hit it off right off so well and it felt like I had known him forever. I felt this crazy connection with him, not necessarily romantic but it seems like since then he’s been in the back of my mind. I was dating another guy at the time and I recently broke up with him, mostly because I felt like I was emotionally cheating on him with my friend and my head was no longer in that relationship. 

I have talked to my friend since then and he agrees that he also felt some deeper connection between us. I love his company, we are very comfortable with each other, I have told him things I’ve only told people closest to me, I find myself thinking about him a lot. I have thought about telling him how I feel but I’m not sure if I would want to be in a relationship with him. I just don’t find him physically attractive, and I feel like that’s a big part of a relationship. I’m very attracted to his personality and we have a great connection, but I just don’t have that physical attraction. I feel like I am now trying to convince myself that he’s attractive in hopes of eventually believing it. At this point I feel like I shouldn’t tell him how I feel since I don’t know if I would want to be in a relationship with someone I don’t really find attractive and telling him wouldn’t really change things between us, atleast I don’t think it would.

Has anyone been emotionally attracted to someone but not physically attracted, and how did you handle it? Should I just friend zone him for good?

TL;DR I am emotionally attracted to my friend but not physically attracted to him. We have a great connection but not sure if I want to take our relationship to the next level if I’m not attracted to him. Anyone ever experience anything like this?"|throwaway_accountt99|False|https://redd.it/ek6f81|2|1.0|0|9|1|relationships
ekazi0|2020-01-05 09:40:44|My brother (17M) wouldn't spar with me (14F) and I called him sexist for it|"My whole family is a bunch of boxers and wrestlers, my brothers both do boxing, all my cousins (7 of them) all do MMA, wrestling or BJJ and I do boxing like my brothers. I am the only girl in a house full of boys (all my cousins are boys too) and my mom died a few years after having my little brother. As a result I've grown up very tom boy and took a liking to boxing cause my big brother was a boxer and I wanted to be like him. I took a little rough patch in middle school where I wanted to be more girly and stopped boxing but picked it back up this year and I'm loving it.

My brother is 17 and WAY stronger than me, like could break me like a twig stronger lol. My brothers were sparring down in the basement when I wanted to join and my brother let me and he taught me some new techniques and it was fun cause I felt like he was distant from me and this was the most we talked in month was him training me.

After a bit I took a break and my brothers started an actual match, it wasn't hard hits but good solid jabs at each other. My brother won after getting my younger brother to get knocked down. I laced back up and challenged him cause it looked like fun and I could use the moves he taught me in action when he said he wouldn't cause ""he doesn't hit girls"". I won't like that hurt, it basically means that he doesn't see me as an equal to them. I got kinda mad at that and told him that not only is he playing favorites but he's also sexist for not boxing with me. He said sorry and just kept his head down. I told him he could have just went soft on me but that its important for me to have fast time movement. My little brother offered me to go up against him but I told him its alright and I slammed the gloves to the floor and went to my room.

He's tried to apologize but I'm not having it, he made his bed and now he has to lay in it. I still talk with him and all but its just awkward right now and I'm still pissed that he's not ok to even lightly hit me over his whole moral stance of ""don't hit girls"" which basically means he thinks I'm not tough enough

Thoughts about all this?

TL;DR:My brother wouldn't spar/playfight with me and I'm pissed at him for it"|Bro_boxing|False|https://redd.it/ekazi0|0|0.33|0|12|1|relationships
ek8u1l|2020-01-05 05:41:30|Need some counseling as I am falling for two girls at a time.I am confused what should I do now ?|"TL;DR In short, I am confused whether I should go for girl ABC or girl XYZ.I know you guys will think I m acting as victim. But trust me I m not thinking that.
I really need some strong suggestion regarding this situation as what can I do to make things right ..


 This is Avinash( 25M) .So, it all started back in 2017.
There was a girl ABC (28F) . She was from different state and I was from another state. So we were mostly connected via social media platforms only.
We used to talk about everything we even had sexchat and whatever stuff you can imagine.We both liked each other a lot.
Things went on like this and none of us ever proposed each other but we had feelings for each other.
Then in year 2019, this girl ABC came for a vacation in my state.We met and then we fucked.
Later in year 2019, I got a job met a girl XYZ (28F) and started dating her.Girl XYZ is kinda serious with me.
Before year ending, I dont know why I went and met this girl ABC at her place in her state.We kissed each other a lot.
And when I was leaving that place se kissed me on my neck 3 4 times saying goodbye.
Just after a couple of weeks this girl ABC started dating some other guy, even though we had made promises to each other about going for foreign trip together staying together and stuff like all couple's do.

Now I am literally jealous of that guy whom that girl ABC is dating.But on the other hand I am in relationship with girl XYZ.

The problem here is that

1. I have started to devlop feelings for girl ABC like  that I am even not able to sleep at night. (Please note she has already blocked me saying she is not good enough for me)?

2. I dont know what went wrong between me and girl ABC?

3.Considering the situation should I keep my relationship with girl XYZ?

4.I am realizing now that I should have proposed girl ABC because I am literally starting to have feelings for her?

5. Should I tell girl XYZ about all these things ?

6. I am now head over heels for this girl ABC please suggest what should I do"|legendarylje|False|https://redd.it/ek8u1l|0|0.5|0|11|1|relationships
ek8tlm|2020-01-05 05:40:26|Very complicated breakup|"My ex boyfriend and I broke up in October of 2019. We had been dating for 4 years, since we were both only 15 years old. It was a really hard break up because we both loved each other so much and we best friends for such a long time. We grew up together, but the break up was for the best. For a month or so we didn’t talk, but our friendship groups are connected so we still saw each other a lot. He made some really bad decisions after the break up and I didn’t really want anything to do with him, I was happy it ended. For a while there, I started to feel much happier being without him, like I was free and had a weight lifted off of my shoulders. Then at the start of December, we started talking again. He told me how he realised what he had lost, all of his regrets, how he would always be in love with me, and that maybe we could get back together in the future. At first, I was strong and didn’t really give into him. But I’m a very sensitive person and I really really missed him. So from then on, we started sleeping together again. We both kiss other people and talk to other people, but still somehow find our way back to each other. It’s been going on for a while now and I’m finding it pretty hard as I think I’m starting to feel comfortable with him again. He tells me he doesn’t want a relationship right now but does not want it to be the end between us. He cries to me when I tell him that I think we need to stop seeing each other. I know he is being genuine, but I also think he doesn’t really know what he wants. In my head, I feel like it’s not the best idea to keep sleeping with him and that I should let him go completely, as I feel like I’m getting hurt and going to find it harder as we’re not actually together. But in my heart, all I want is for things to go back to the way they were. Our friends have mixed opinions, they either want us to get back together or don’t think it’s a good idea. I don’t want to toot my own horn, but a lot of people tell me things like I’m too good for him. I don’t think they see him the way I do though. I honestly don’t know what the right thing is to do and would really really appreciate some advice. Sorry this is so long! Thank you X

&#x200B;

\*\*TL;DR; : My ex boyfriend and I are still sleeping together, I'm not sure if its the right thing or what to do from here\*\*."|PuzzleheadedEdge2|False|https://redd.it/ek8tlm|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ek07s9|2020-01-04 18:20:23|The girl (18f) that I love is upset with me (18m) for this. How do I fix this?|"We’ve been friends for about a year and I developed feelings really fast. It grew into more and hit a point where we would hangout alone a lot, kiss, cuddle, but never had anything official. I consistently asked her about a relationship for months and she always dismissed the conversation so I would stop asking. Sometimes she tried to give reasons like “there’s a lot going on in life for both of us right now” or simply, “I don’t want a relationship”. This repeated constantly and went on from May up until New Years. I told her I loved her throughout this, and she never once said it back.

In this time, December specifically, she got upset with me for not having a way of picking her up. The only reason I didn’t is because she stayed at work talking to people after I had left half way through a college final to see her. I got out, and she was still at work, and the person who was going to help me by picking me and her up was busy after that. So it wasn’t in my control at all. I still felt bad overall, and take partial blame, as I should have been able to but this led to her not speaking to me. She ignored me for days and I didn’t know if she’d speak to me again. This lead to me making a very poor decision. I messaged a girl and we sexted.

Fast forward to New Years. Everything was resolved, but she went through my computer and found the messages. They weren’t saved intentionally, but I just hadn’t deleted them. She now hates me. She’s extremely upset with me, and we argued through text for hours last night. But I don’t feel as if I did anything wrong. She didn’t want a relationship, and whenever I asked about exclusivity she changed the conversation. But she is telling me that she doesn’t want to talk to me and that she will never see me the same.

I love this girl more than anything, and now only after the events that I explained in my other post is she really showing that she wants something serious. I need her in my life and the fact that she won’t talk to me anymore is destroying me. I need to fix this, I need to figure this out, I just can’t figure out how.

TL;DR: After being what many would consider to be led on for months, I spoke to another girl. This got the girl that I've been chasing upset and she doesn't want to talk to me anymore. Only after she found those texts does she seem to show emotional interest."|BerserkerBroon|False|https://redd.it/ek07s9|7|0.73|0|11|1|relationships
ek8occ|2020-01-05 05:26:58|I (27F) have been getting annoyed with my bf (26M). Trying to appreciate more|"I feel bad because there are some things that I tolerated in the beginning (we have known one another for a little over a year), that get under my skin now. It seems unfair because I have behaved worst at times and he is patient. 

We both have room to grow and recognize the areas to improve. One thing that bothers me is feeling like I cannot bring up things I do not like because of his patience with me. From another’s point of view, he has himself / life more in order. 

Something that recently annoyed me is a comment he said. He picked up some dessert and told me it was a reward for being a “good girl”. I asked how and it was for giving him sex earlier. I called him out on that comment and was told he was joking. Similarly, he would remark how smart I am after something unremarkable. Something rubbed wrong. 

How often he farts keeps on annoying me. This man never tries to court me or seduce me.. and he has no problem farting around me. I know he can hold it in or go to the bathroom because it doesn’t happen around others. I know that it might seem laughable, but my past partners would be romantic and were gentlemen. 

I have shown romance and stuff like that and it was never reciprocated. So I am not trying to have double standards. I tried looking nice and all of that, but stopped trying because he does not try around me in the same way. There is no passion, unlike past relationships. 

I get mad when his place is a mess. I just feel like he doesn’t want to try for me..but expects me to change in many ways (most which I do agree with). He wants me to reach my fullest potential, but doesn’t do the same. 

I do not want to compare because he has never done that with me. I want to appreciate instead of complaining. But I also want to know if I am just mean, or if these are annoyances that are common. 

TLDR: keep getting annoyed with my bf and do not know if I am being too harsh or being fair..."|stare_at_the_sun|False|https://redd.it/ek8occ|0|0.5|0|0|1|relationships
ek8o3b|2020-01-05 05:26:12|I don’t know how to talk with my mom and I don’t know if I have a right to be upset with some stuff she does or I’m just a bad daughter.|"My mom doesn’t like having to ask me to do things around the house. That’s completely fair and I understand where she’s coming from. 

The problem is I’m not always living up to that.  Sometimes I’ll leave dishes for a day because I walk away and forget about them. I’ll have my laundry on the bed for a while because I don’t really care that it’s there and know that I’ll get around to it. I don’t clean the bathroom every weekend because it only occurs to me to go through the trouble when I actually see a mess (spots on the sink, water marks on the mirror, build up in the tub stuff like that).

My mom has told me several times she doesn’t want to ask me to do chores and I understand where she’s coming from but it’s also very frustrating. I don’t understand why it’s such a big deal for her to just take 2 seconds communicating with me instead of being passive aggressive.  

For instance, on the weekend she’ll wake up earlier than me  and start cleaning the house. By the time I wake up and ask if she she needs any help she’ll say something like “with what” or “obviously not.” but then she comes in my room and says she’s upset about having to do everything herself. So I ask her to just not clean on the weekend and and let me do it when I wake up. She says she she can’t wait that long. I say then maybe she can wake me up when she gets up but that’s unacceptable because she shouldn’t have to ask.  

She also always assumes the worst of me. 
If I make her an omelet or a sandwich she’ll be hesitant to take it and ask if I washed my hands first (I did. Obviously). If I ask question while I’m helping her with something she’ll get annoyed and tell me she’ll do it herself if I’m going to complain. But, I’m not even complaining.

Today the first thing she says to me after getting home is complain about the fact that I’m separating her stuff and my stuff as I take it out of the dryer. She wants me to just take it out all together and separate it later. Which is not really an issue but she coming at me like I’m gonna leave her stuff in the dryer and then take a dump on it or something. Very accusatory. 

After that she comes in my room and says she was trying to hold her tongue be she can’t stand how she was out all day and has come home to me having done nothing. Then she says that I snapped at her when she asked about me separating the clothes when I know I 100% didn’t because I so confused about why she was mad I didn’t say anything but “I dunno I’m just taking my stuff first” and then unload the dryer like she wanted. 

I tried to talk to her about it and say if she has a problem I’d like to just be told instead of being blown up at while doing something innocuous, and that while I acknowledge and understand her pet peeve I don’t wanna be yelled for no reason. She doesn’t wanna hear it tries to cut me off and just goes on about how I should know why she’s upset and that she shouldn’t have to tell me to help out around her house. Also, she doesn’t apologize for blowing up at me and but shrugs and says she assumed I was gonna leave her stuff in the dryer. 

It’s stupid, but I’ve just been curled up in my room after that. I don’t wanna do anything. Which I know that’s only making it worse, because now she going to think I’m being vindictive by purposely not doing chores. I feel really childish about being upset about this but I am. I feel as though I’m always wrong and like I’m being unreasonable while I  try to communicate with her. 

I wanna ask for advice on how to talk with her but tbh I feel like there is nothing I could say. We’ve had some variation of this conversation several times and this kinda stuff still happens. I guess I just need to vent. Sorry.

TL;DR:
I feel like my mom is dismissive of me and my feelings but I’m pretty sure she feels the same way about me because I forget about chores and need to be reminded to do them. So, basically I feel upset but also I feel bad about being upset."|ThisbodyHomebody|False|https://redd.it/ek8o3b|1|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ek8lot|2020-01-05 05:19:46|I (21M) went on date with girl (21M) from tinder. I like her and I wanna see her again, but I felt like I was kinda quiet/awkward. Should I text her again?|"I really liked her vibe and she seemed really sweet. I’ve only hooked up with girls before, and I’ve never had a GF, but I want to change that. I want her to be my first GF tbh. I felt like the date went decent, but it was pretty short. We live in a college town I told her to meet me at a smoothie place which is like a 2 minute walk away from us. I went there and I bought her a drink. She really didn’t want me to pay and offered to Venmo me (I thought that was really sweet of her) but I insisted on paying. I really wanted to take her out somewhere nice, but this college town doesn’t really have nice places. At the end of the date, I walked her to her bike and said “where’s your bike again” and I guess she took it as a hint that I wanted to end the date. We hugged and she said “are you gonna enjoy your walk back home” and I said “why don’t you come with me”. I honestly wanted to cook her food and just cuddle. But I guess she said “it’s too soon not yet”. She also said she promised her friend she would go to her house after our date. She said to text her and I told her to hit me up as well.

But anyways, I like this girl. She seems sweet and she’s cute. Should I text her tonight and be like “hey I had a good time hanging out with you today, let’s do this again sometime next week” or wait a few days to text? I don’t want to seem needy. I feel like I said some stupid shit during the date, I’m kind of a shy person so sometimes I don’t talk a lot. Also we were talking about roomates and I said mines kinda quiet, and she said I’m quiet too and I said lowkey and she said highkey jokingly. I’m not sure if that’s a bad thing haha. 

Tl;dr: went on a date with a girl. I like her and wanna see her again. Felt kinda awkward. Do I text her tonight or in three days?"|ACCT300|False|https://redd.it/ek8lot|1|1.0|0|4|1|relationships
ek8c20|2020-01-05 04:55:49|I [21f] need advice on engaging with my sister [17f] who steals food and other things|"My sister, ""Kelly"", has always been known to swipe any candy my parents had in the house. Since this has been an issue since a young age, she seems to have the mentality of ""if I'm going to get blamed any time things disappear, I might as well do it anyway."" She has an older sibling with autism and very low impulse control and a much younger ( < 10) sibling, so it has occurred that she got blamed for something that was later found out to be one of them. However, most of the time, it is her and we eventually find wrappers, or worse, rotting food, in her room. She will gift her younger sibling candy, and then find it and eat it all. If anything sweet is left unattended, there's a solid chance it goes missing. My mom has started to put anything she is saving for a special occasion in a locker, and has recently started locking up the Christmas cookies. I think we both know this probably contributes to Kelly's hatred of my mom a little bit, because it shows she doesn't trust her, but we don't know what else to do - there are occasions when we have company over on short notice and want to have sweets to offer them.  

Kelly's room and bathroom are a mess. I have stopped using the one that she uses because there are frequently *used pads stuffed in drawers* and at one point, no joke, the bathtub was *black* (I hope that it was just a bath bomb or something she didn't clean out but... ugh). I want to talk to her about it but I just don't know how. (Parents have gotten on her about it, she gets mad, sometimes cleans it, and then it's back that way again soon). I know that there are probably some serious mental health issues going on, and have encouraged my mom to take her to a therapist, but my mom can hardly handle taking Kelly & siblings to all of their activities as is, and most therapists that accept our insurance are close to an hour away. Kelly also does not want to go to therapy (She does not have her license yet and cannot take herself anyway). That being said, she is physically active, socially active (she goes out almost every weekend to hang out with others, though my mom has confided in me that there is a lot of drama, much of which is stirred up by Kelly). But, my parents have almost no relationship with her because she tunes them out and tells her that ""when she moves out she is never going to talk to them again"". I know this is fairly typical for her age (at 17 I barely talked to my parents but all's pretty good now); however, the grossness, the food stealing, and the lying about the food stealing seem waaaaay beyond ""normal teenage behavior"" and I think she needs serious help before going to college (which she fully intends to do, she wants to go to a big name school with a big \[sport she plays\] team), where she doesn't have my parents to make sure she at least stays safe and set some boundaries. I don't think they have any idea how to handle this, and I want to help the best I can, as I'm closer to her age and hope to be able to get through to her. 

I am a student living at home for the semester, and have grown up a lot since I last lived with them (Kelly and 

I were never close in part because I was a brat, and kind of mean to her, in that ""sh\*tty older sister"" way.) We just don't talk much, and I am closer to another sibling and I am sure that hurts Kelly, but I don't know how to start. I don't really want to get into a situation where I have to be her therapist, but I want to at least start to help her and then redirect her to someone better (or get her and my mom to talk more). 

Has anyone been through a similar situation? I would really appreciate some insight on what could be going through her head and how to get through to her - I have no doubt she is lonely but she pretty much zones out as soon as anything sounds like a lecture, and only really talks about surface level stuff when she talks. 

TL;DR My (17 yo) sister has problems with lying, stealing food, and her room/bathroom is ""health hazard"" levels of bad. I think loneliness is the key issue as she doesn't get along with my parents (due to, you know, the lying, stealing food, and mess) and told them she is ""never talking to them when she moves out"" (to go to college). I don't think her mental health is well and she doesn't want therapy, and fear for her safety when she goes to college"|ComprehensiveWalrus1|False|https://redd.it/ek8c20|1|1.0|0|2|1|relationships
ejnqll|2020-01-03 23:28:26|My (21F) mom (51) wants me to love her mother (79) but I hate her. Their daughter-mother relationship is based on guilt.|"Can't sleep or stop crying.

My mother grew up in another region with her mother (her father left when he knew he was going to be a dad). She was treated like shit, like, forced to stay with her mother in a room when guests and even family came over, asked to lift something really heavy (don't know how to say ""rouleau de moquette"" in English) while she was a sickenly meager child and told she was useless when she said she could not do it... Her classic meal was a can of mushrooms in front of the TV, they would eat directly in it with forks. I'm sick just by thinking of it.

All her life, my mother has been made feel guilty and not loved.

Once adult, married and mother though, she tried her hardest and even more to help her own mother. She took her to visit homes near ours so we wouldn't have to drive 2h and 30min to see her... but she refused. She even refused all the last invitations to come at our home for Christmas or things like this.

At the time she still came to our home she spent her days in front of the TV. Did not get out for a whole week. Never helped. Never ate anything she did not like, though my mom once made a very time-consuming dish for her...

I hate my mom's mother.

But she is in a hsopital right now, because of something bad she ate at NYE, and my mom freaked out because she thought she was dead.

Guilt wave. My mom wants us to go to see her every holidays at least one day, she wants my brother and I to call her often... and she wants me to stop hating her.

And I can't. She's hurt my mom too much and I have the proof once more. She called me yesterday crying because her mom is lonely and old, saying she did not do her best. But she did.

That's not sane and I can't talk to her about it, she currently is mad at me because I was smiling and snickering nervously when she told me to think again about how I see her mother. That was mean of me but I could not help it: I knew she was going to say that and I know I can't stop hating that person.

Can anyone give me advice about how to deal with this situation, please?

TLDR: my mom wants me to stop hating her abusive mother but I can't, and I feel like I can't talk to her about it because she is blinded by her guilt of abused child.

Update: I just talked to her. She said she's not mad at me. And added that she was wrong when she told me about her childhood. And that it wasn't all her mother's fault. I'm feeling very numb but at least I'm not crying anymore."|Suyunia|False|https://redd.it/ejnqll|224|0.97|0|30|1|relationships
ek3sfi|2020-01-04 22:42:27|Me (F/19) and my boyfriend (M/22) moved together and it's ruining us|"Hello, I am new here and I didn't know where else to seek advice, so here I am. Me and my BF are dating for almost 2 years now and we have never been in a similar situation before.

Three months ago, I moved in with my boyfriend and since then, things haven't been going well for us. One day we are in love with each other more than ever, and the next day, we don't understand each other and fight constantly over trivial things. Sometimes things are good for a week or longer and then they go quickly downhill for 2 - 4 days before improving. At first I brushed it of as us not being used to live together, but after all this time I thing we are going through some kind of relationship crisis. We always try to talk it through after each fight, but it doesn't help in the long run. We really love each other, but recently I started questioning our decision of moving together. It ruined a lot of our dates and social events and at this point I'm really not sure, what to do (we talked about couple counseling before, but we cannot afford it at the moment). 

Did anyone went through similar thing and/or have any advice on how to improve our situation? Thank you 



TL/DR: After moving in with boyfriend, we started to fight a lot."|Jantovav|False|https://redd.it/ek3sfi|3|1.0|0|13|1|relationships
ek84g2|2020-01-05 04:37:06|My ( f 21) boyfriend ( m 25) of 2 years cheated on me and I want revenge|"Tldr- I gave him everything and he gave me nothing but heartache and I want to hurt him back but feel bad for even thinking about it. 

This is gonna be a mess so I'm very sorry in advance.  I feel like if i get these thoughts out of my dumb brain I'll be ok for a little bit. 

So we were together for almost 2 years. He was cheating on me with over 6 girls for half of it. Made a second reddit to post his peeny weenie and talk to other girls. Got a Kik and made a tinder and a hid all of it from me. I was pregnant and decided not to keep it and he was cheating on me whike that was happening. I drove 5 hours in the snow to bring him Thanksgiving dinner...cheating on my drive up. Took him to spend halloween w my friends...cheating on me then. It goes back a while. He has a kid and no car and lives with his mom so I know I can do alot better but oh gosh I don't want anyone else and that's what makes me a whole dummy.

So recently I've stopped the sad part of going through grief and I think I'm on anger because I really want to hurt him just as bad as he hurt me. But heres the issue. I'm stupid and I love him and don't want to really hurt him. He's working towards a car and is going to therapy now so i feel guilty. But doing the devil's tango with another person for me would be no issue, I have a guy that wants to. I have a few of his friends that want to. And one guy who has feelings for me who I could do it with. It's easy to just send them a text and be on my way to bone city but after I'm done feeling mad and betrayed I find that I don't want too.

Being cheated on ruined me. I have no self worth left. I feel useless and shattered and ugly. I haven't eaten really and have a hard time even thinking about s*x with anyone. And I dont want to stoop to his level or hurt anyone else in the process. I know doing things with other guys won't heal me or fix us or make me happy. I know I'm also stupid for staying with him and for still loving him after all of it. 

I don't think it's about the s*x sometimes. I know I really just want someone to love me and choose me and not hurt or use me. I know I'm mad and also a big fat dummy and doing anything spiteful won't do anything but make things worse. And I know if I go with the other guys I'll feel like trash. My thoughts and emotions are everywhere and the main thing i feel is hate and hurt and fear. 

I don't want to leave him because I want him to want me and choose me I want back what i thought I had. I feel weak and also dumb and stupid just writing this out."|bagofstalechip|False|https://redd.it/ek84g2|0|0.5|0|10|1|relationships
ejzysz|2020-01-04 18:02:40|Am I [M19] in the wrong for resenting my girlfriend [F19] of two years for no sex?|"So, I wanna start off by saying I love my girlfriend. We have our differences, but I love being with her, and she makes me happy.

That said, she's extremely religious and suppresses some serious guilt when it comes to her sexuality. We spent the first year and a half doing some minor touching and stuff, which I was content with. Recently, however, she decided the guilt was too much and she wanted to stop all sexual activity in our relationship.

That's a reasonable thing for her to want, and I respect it up front. I never tell her that it's frustrating for me, or that I want more. It's her body, her choice. However, I reeeally feel sexually unfulfilled now. I'm much hornier than I used to be and I have no outlet but porn. Probably the worst part is that I'm actively *jealous* of my friends when they talk about their sex lives. I can't help but feel like I'm seriously missing out by never having any kind of sexual contact, especially when I know I could have it so much easier if it weren't for my current situation. This goes especially so when they talk about sex and occasionally tease me for being a virgin. 

So, basically, I'm just frustrated. It's off the table for her because she's so religious but it's getting difficult to deal with. But, then again, I have to wonder if I'm just being shallow? Am I just being a dumb man who can't think of anything but sex? Am I making that too much of a priority?

And again, I never let my resentment of this situation known to her. That would only make her feel guilty when she doesn't need to. 

TLDR: my girlfriend is religious and has cut off all sexual activity, and I'm frustrated by it and jealous of my sexually active friends. Is this wrong?"|hopefullyhelpfulowl|False|https://redd.it/ejzysz|7|0.9|0|17|1|relationships
ejkfg5|2020-01-03 19:35:19|Me [26F], my future sister in law [28F], and wedding drama|"Hello Reddit!

I have been dating a wonderful man [24M] for a little over 3 years now. We're both stable in our careers and he proposed, woohoo! I'm over the moon. We'll call him Ben.

Ben's brother Kyle [26M] started seeing this girl Caterina [28F] about 1.5 years ago. Ben actually worked with her and he set them up because she had a very overt crush on Ben. He figured maybe they'd hook up and she'd get it out of her system. I warned him that this was probably not the best idea...

Lo and behold, they became a couple. A month after we moved in together, they did the same (a few months into their relationship). We went on an overseas vacation, and by the time we got home they had booked tickets to the same place because (I quote) ""we saw your photos, and thought about how it wasn't fair that you were there and we weren't"".

These kind of weird, petty things have kept happening and Ben is very aware of it too. Caterina is also flat out rude and degrading to Kyle in front of family, she kind of treats him like a servant. She will ask him to fetch something, he'll ask if he can eat first and she will say no. This is also Kyle's first relationship. Early last year, Kyle proposed to Caterina. Ben has sat him down and had the ""are you sure..."" talk a couple times and he's convinced she's the love of his life. Now that's all totally fine; he can obviously marry who he likes and all Ben can do is express his concern.

This woman is very competitive with me. She will say things like ""I didn't bring any Christmas baking, I knew you would and then it would be a competition"". I just nervously laugh at these comments because I don't know how to respond. Opening Christmas presents from Ben and Kyle's parents, she will pretend to be excitedly curious about what I got, then drop the act and go ""I was just making sure they were the same as mine"" and walk away. Needless to say when Ben proposed to me she pretended to be super excited but I'm not buying it.

Ben's dad had a champagne toast for us at Christmas (and their cousin who just got engaged), and Caterina seriously asked him ""what about us"". He's a very jokey man and basically said ""you guys had your turn"". Oh also, Ben double checked with Kyle that we wouldn't be stepping on their toes, but they're having a two year engagement and I don't think it would be fair to ask Ben to wait to propose anyway.

Now enter the wedding situation. I am one of two bridesmaids in their wedding because she legitimately doesn't have friends. I do not want her to be a bridesmaid at my wedding and I'm struggling with feeling compelled to ask her. She's asking me to go to wedding shows with her now, and truth be told I just want to go with my friends. I don't want to worry about her strange petty comments, and am honestly a little worried about her trying to ""one up"" anything we plan. 

I can't help but wonder if all this comes from some weird jealousy. She has started dressing Kyle like Ben, sending him to the same barber, asking Ben what aftershave he uses so she can buy it for Ben, annnd even has referred to Kyle as Ben when talking to me a few times. Help.

TL;DR I recently got engaged; I think my competitive, jealous future sister in law expects to be a bridesmaid. She also wants to wedding plan together, how do I navigate this diplomatically? Thank you!!"|tomhanksthethrowaway|False|https://redd.it/ejkfg5|430|0.96|0|97|1|relationships
ek1bxq|2020-01-04 19:42:21|My (22F) sister (29) is trying to be a close friend with me|"I know this doesn’t sound bad at all, having a sisterly bond. However, I didn’t grow up close to my family. Parents were divorced, my mom had custody of us but was out of town a lot, my dad lived across the country, I don’t know what my mom did with the child support money. I didn’t grow up talking about my feelings with parents or siblings. I didn’t hear/say I love you to them. We were all only close in proximity, no other aspects. 

Lately, my sister has been trying to become closer to me. She tries to talk to me about feelings and get me to do things with her. She tries to make me hug her and say I love you. Since I didn’t grow up with any of that, I find it weird doing any of that stuff in my family. I can hug and talk about my feelings with anyone not inside of my family no problem though. My sister was also my childhood bully. No one was as mean to me as she was. I hated her growing up. She would throw things at me and tell me things like “you’re only 13, you don’t have a right to privacy.” I shared a room with her and she was a slob. She would yell at me to help her clean our room when the mess wasn’t even mine. I remember vividly her pushing me down because I didn’t want to try on her heels. She had no problem talking about sexual things on the phone with me around. She was doing an online course at one point and she bullied me into taking her final math test. She took my phone and iPod and threatened to break them until I took her test. It was just not a good relationship. 

After she moved out I started hating her less and we actually talked a bit more but mostly about what our siblings have been up to and her complaining about her fiancé. Even though I don’t hate her anymore, I still feel weird talking to her about my emotions and feelings. When she tells me about her feelings I never know what to say. I usually just say “mhmm” or something. I feel kind of bad about it but I just can’t help it. I didn’t grow up that way. And out of the 5 siblings, she is the oldest and only one who is open about everything. We are also the only girls, the others are boys. She has also tried talking to me about boyfriends. Asking me if I’m still a virgin and telling me about her sex life. I am not comfortable discussing any of that with family. She says she’s just trying to be my friend and wants me to talk to her. She thinks I’m holding a grudge against her from when she was younger and mean. She wants our family to be closer and occasionally she’ll tear up about it. But she is hypocritical. She says this stuff and complains about me holding a grudge but she won’t even call my parents mom or dad. She’ll only refer to them by their first names. She holds a grudge for them not being around much when we were younger. She’ll throw little get togethers and invite everyone except for my mom until I ask her if she invited her then invite her the last minute. I love my family dearly but I cannot just start openly talking to them about everything, mainly my sister. She’s the only one making an effort. 

Have any others been in a situation like this? Would it be the worst thing if I just don’t make an effort to get more comfortable with it? 

TL;DR I didn’t grow up close to my family and my sister, who bullied me growing up, is trying to change that but it sort of makes me feel uncomfortable."|HowShouldEyeNo|False|https://redd.it/ek1bxq|4|0.79|0|10|1|relationships
ek7ywd|2020-01-05 04:23:51|Boyfriend (22) Giving Me (F 19) Relationship Ultimatum Over His Female Friend|"Hi, everyone. I don’t usually post, but I am in a really confusing and upsetting time right now. 

My boyfriend and I met in the fall of 2018 at school, and started off as good and increasingly closer friends, before before we would end up together in the June of 2019. During our friendship, he would often talk about this female friend “D” who he used to have feelings for, at the beginning of their friendship. He knew “D” for 3 or 4 years (who he also met at college), and while he knew her for this long, he honestly didn’t know her that well. She wasn’t a close friend of his at all (and still isn’t). She’s a casual friend he would go out and see everyone once in a while. 

However, at almost seven months together, we got into a major fight on New Years about “D.” He was planning to meet “D” with a couple of friends a few days after New Years. I got upset at him because while he invited me to meet her for the first time in a group setting, I wasn’t comfortable with the idea of having to meet this ex-crush of his. I told him that I didn’t want him to talk to “D” anymore, and he fought me on it. He explained to me that he didn’t have feelings for “D” since the beginning of their friendship, and said while he understood why I was upset, he said that I needed to stop “boxing him in” and telling him “who he can and can’t be friends with.” We took a break from talking to each other for 2 days. 

Just last night, we talked on the phone, and he gave me an ultimatum: I either don’t accept “D” and we break up, or I accept “D” and stay with him.  I ended up choosing the latter, and now I’m wondering if I made a mistake. 

Was I wrong for feeling upset? 
Was it right of him to give me an ultimatum and put this friend who he isn’t close with, before our relationship of over half a year? 
This is his first relationship as well as my first relationship. 

I appreciate all advice. Thank you for reading this post. 

TLDR: Boyfriend gave me ultimatum to either accept his former crush as a friend or break up with him."|ChuChuBeans22|False|https://redd.it/ek7ywd|0|0.5|0|22|1|relationships
