unique_id|created_utc|title|body|author|nsfw|url|score|upvote_ratio|total_awards|comment_count|text_only|subreddit
eicxt6|2020-01-01 02:49:15|Best of r/TIFU 2019 Nomination Thread!|"Welcome to the nomination thread for the best of 2019 for r/TIFU! Please vote for your favorite submissions in the following categories.

# Categories are as follows:

* Best Overall Fuckup
* Best Safe-for-Work Fuckup
* Funniest Fuckup
* Biggest Fuckup
* Sexiest Fuckup
* Under-Appreciated Fuckup (a post that didn't have as much love as the others)
* Best Fuckup with Proof
* Best Comment

**IMPORTANT:** There is a comment below for each category. Please **reply** to the appropriate comment with a link to the post or comment you would like to nominate. There is also be another stickied comment for other replies. Comments that aren't **replies** will be removed.

# There are some rules:

* Only submissions from 2019 can be nominated.
* Your account must be 2 months or older to nominate a submission and must be active (we will be checking).
* You can nominate anyone but yourself.
* You can only nominate once per category. A single post can only win once even if it's nominated in multiple categories.
* Removed posts can not be nominated.

Please note this thread will be in contest mode to hide scores and randomize sorting.

Good luck!

# Suggested Reading

* [Top posts this year](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/top/?sort=top&t=year)
* [Top FUOTWs](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/search?sort=top&q=flair%3AFUOTW&restrict_sr=on)"|IwataFan|False|https://redd.it/eicxt6|52|0.91|0|36|1|tifu
ekuxcs|2020-01-06 14:37:03|TIFU by secretly learning German|"I recommend not doing this. As funny as I found it, she didn't. A while back I decided I wanted to learn a second language. Germany's pretty close so German it was. My family's super small and also far away, and I never bothered to tell them I was learning German.

Skip ahead a handful of months and I can now have conversations in German. I'm still not fully fluent and I'm still learning, but I can get by fine. While the family was on the way down to visit (this was just before New Year), I slipped on the bathroom floor and hit my head. That later turned out to be a concussion.

My family knows I'll make light of anything, but apparently a concussion is *never* a laughing matter. The hospital staff called up my mother and they met me there. While my dad and sister talk to a nurse, my mum just goes straight to me. Cue the fuck-up.

For reasons I can no longer justify, I spoke to her in German, and it freaked her the fuck out. After about five minutes the nurse ratted me out, and now my mum's giving the silent treatment.

My dad laughed, though, at least.

**tl;dr: Learned German, didn't tell the family, spoke German to them after a concussion.**"|ParrotSTD|False|https://redd.it/ekuxcs|22291|0.88|3|769|1|tifu
ekp1gv|2020-01-06 04:49:23|TIFU by not wanting to die a little too much|"Here’s some relevant info: I live on the 5th floor, it doesn’t some impressive but the building is tall so our 5th floor is like 8 or 9th floor really. our apartment has two floors and the light bulbs in our house is orange-ish colored (this will matter in a second). I live with half of my family, including an uncle who’s in the wheelchair. 


Around 4 am I woke up to the sound of the smoke detector blaring and the smell of something burnt. My heart drops to the floor and I jumped out of bed, and because I was in such a hurry to leave I forgot to wear my glasses; everything is blurry but I can see somethings. My sister emerges from her room and beats me to the stairs, goes down, stops and then climbs back up. It is at this point my heart sunk even further; my heart is thundering in my chest and I choke on a sob that desperately wants to come out. In my mind’s eye I can see it so clearly: flames licking the kitchen cabinet above the stove and slowly spreading to us. So many things began to run in my head: how are we going to safely evacuate my uncle? Do we leave him behind? Wait,how do my sister and I descend down? Should we try jumping out of the window and to our neighbors balcony? Will our death be quick or slow and agonizing? 

I, being the avid reader and tv watcher I am, decided the best course of action is to grab my blanket, wet it and wrap it around myself and that’s exactly what I did..... 

I also forced the wet blanket around my sister despite her LOUD protests and shoved her down the stairs with me so we can run through the fire together

Except there are no fires....

My blind dumbass was so confused and focused on trying to survive that I didn’t even take a second to take a proper look at my surroundings. It would have taken a second, one question is all I had to ask, one question and this entire matter would have been resolved. 

My sister didn’t ascend because there was fire blocking her way, she did because she realized my brother had the situation under control.

The orange lights I saw weren’t fire, they were light from our fucking stupid, made-by-satan bulbs.

I wrote, directed, filmed and acted out an entire drama in my own head while everyone went back to sleep, safe and sound and sane.
 
So now I’m in my room, shivering because it’s cold as fuck and the only blanket I had I fucking drenched...apparently for no fucking reason...
 
My sister has an ankle sprain cuz I pushed her too hard and she fell down the remaining stairs. I worked myself up so much I vomited and I’m still feeling weak. I’m the butt of all jokes and our family chat group is lit with jokes and from my room I can still hear the wheezing of my brother’s breathless laughter and every time I think he’s done he cracks even harder; I’ve got this weird gut feeling im not gonna live this down.


What the fuck?!? 

Tl;dr I thought there’s a fire in my apartment, there wasn’t and I ended making a fuss for no reason.


EDIT: a little more explanation so I don't have to repeatedly answer the same questions. When my sister backed up, I ran to the bathroom to wet my ONE blanket,I threw it under the shower head and let it soak for a couple of seconds, I didn't stay to make sure EVERY inch is covered. And the reason no one stopped me because almost everyone went back to sleep except for my sister and she was on her phone standing nearby the stairs (just in case she was needed) and just assumed I was using the bathroom to pee or something. No one realized I was still panicking because I was freaking out silently, you know when your stomach hurts and its tied up in all kinds of knots and a lump stuck in your throat so you can't really speak because if you do, you'll absolutely break down. For most people this might be an overkill and Im sure there are dozens who would have assess the situation calmly but I am built different, I have a little extra stupidness in me. I don't handle stressful situation well AT ALL. When I was in middle school, I hyperventilated and passed out because mom was 20 minutes late and I told myself she abandoned me; also another family story that gets brought up a lot. 

And I was right, as soon as I woke up my family took the ENTIRE morning to roast me; no one was even touching their breakfast. We were laughing, I was re-enacting and telling them about my thought process. Hell, my uncles and aunt, people I haven't heard from in years and thought they were dead, called in to make fun, so this one is going down in our family history books. It's all good though, I'm having a blast making fun of myself, and yes, I will be discussing future safety plans with my family.

Edit 2: it was the smoke detector, not fire alarm which is different,sorry."|let-the-write-one-in|False|https://redd.it/ekp1gv|9299|0.94|2|296|1|tifu
eksbsa|2020-01-06 10:26:57|TIFU by getting caught jacking off in the worst way possible.|"Happened a few hours ago, and Im seriously contemplating about drowning myself because of the shit I just pulled off.

A little backstory. Me (21M) and my girlfriend (22F) are in a long distance relationship, so I visit her regularly every weekend. She also has this thing where it shes stressed about something, then shes not in the mood for sexy time. She also shares a flat with 4 rooms, hers being on the ground floor. Theres 3 rooms on the upper floor and 1 on the ground. The house also has the kitchen and t.v room on the ground floor.

Now, my girlfriend currently has 2 assignments to finish and is sweating her balls off trying to do so, since the deadline is very near. And being the horny fuck I am, I embark on me quest to jack meself off because I gotta do what I gotta do.

My quest begins at midnight. I double check my bed to make sure my girlfriend is asleep, and voila- asleep as a rock. I shuffle my way out of the bed slowly and slowly proceed to turn the door knob. Nice. And I know what yer all thinking, why not just jack yourself off in her room whilst shes dead sleep OP?. Well I cant since I'm self-conscious as FUCK when it comes to stuff like this and I need to be somewhere private by meself. 

Now, I almost forgot to mention this but 2 out of the 3 house mates are out for the holidays, but one came back just a few days ago. Now me being the horny af probably forgot about that huge detail, as I slowly tip toed my way into the t.v room. Sweet im in. Ok so heres the fuck up, for some fucking reason I decided to not turn the lights on.

I put me headphones on and load up pornhub, get me that sweet Riley Reid action. I start whacking it and its going all well, until the lights flick on. Holy.Fucking.Shit. Now I usually wear glasses so Im squinting here like a motherfucker, and all I hear is a short gasp and someone darting off upstairs. I go limp as soon as I fucking notice that theres a clothes dryer in the room (everyone dries their clothes here since the drier hangers outside is usually filled with bugs). And even fucking worse, there it was...the flatmates' undergarments and bras right in front of me in all its glory. Now from her perspective, she came back home to find someone jacking off to her panties and bras whilst squinting intensely at them. 

I havent slept for 10 hours ever since this happened and I dont want to be alive no mo, please end my fucking suffering.

TL;DR, was extremely horny and went to jack off in a separate room, only to scar a flat mate for life.

Update 1: Fellas, I have literally stayed rock still on me bed for the last 11 hours. I think I heard the flatmate get ready and all since my room is next to the kitchen, so shes probably headed out for work. Will try to explain to her .. the situation when shes back. Wish me luck."|someFATasscorgi|True|https://redd.it/eksbsa|315|0.9|0|54|1|tifu
ekff1x|2020-01-05 16:47:21|TIFU by leaving my dildo out in front of my Christian father. (NSFW)|"So.


I'm 19 and living with my parents while I go to college online. My family is UBER Christian, Pentecostal, I'm-supposed-to-be-without-a-sex-drive-until-marriage Christian. They called me a whore because I kissed my boyfriend in front of them. They believe I'm a Satanist because I have a septum ring. (not because of my TST membership.)


They leave for church every Sunday at 11 AM. At 10, they usually come into my room to ask if I'm coming with them. (I do just to avoid the drama of declining.) This morning, I woke up at 9, so I figured I had some time to mess around. Bf's on the other side of the country and a woman still has needs, y'know?


I pull out the trusty pink 8-incher from the hidden sin compartment of my closet, and go to town. All is good. All feels good. When the deed is done, I wash off my adultery tool and leave it on my dresser to dry, STANDING UP. That mental image is very important. A giant dildo standing straight up on my dresser, as if my dresser is some perverse garden and the dildo is but a bloom growing from it.


I relax from this point, turn on Monsters Inc, move my succulent to the windowsill, typical lazy morning stuff.


10 AM rolls around. My dad knocks at my door.


""eggblossom? Can I come in?""


Of course, I let him in without a second thought.


Dad: ""Are you coming to church with us?""


Me: ""Sure. usual time?""


Dad suddenly stops talking.


Dad: *glances at dresser*


Also dad: *awkwardly closes door*


I'm confused, wondering why he would just quietly leave like that. I follow where he had been looking, and am instantly overcome with an embarrassment so deep I choke. Of course. Of course on church Sunday I would forget to put it away. Of course on church Sunday my father, someone who lives and breathes Jesus, would see the giant and obnoxiously bubblegum pink dildo of his teenage daughter. Of course.


I just really hope he doesn't think I was masturbating to Monsters Inc.


TL ; DR
I had a good morning with my toy. My dad did not have a good morning witnessing that toy.


Edit: My first gold on this website is thanks to my airheaded masturbatory mistake. I'm laughing like a maniac and my parents keep asking why. Thank you so much!


Edit 2: two things! first, since it keeps having to be repeated in the comments, The Satanic Temple is not for people who actually believe in or worship satan. Second, I'm glad baring my sexual soul to the anonymous masses has led to so much love and support. I'm planning to move in with my bf, to a place without shame, where I can be free to line my patio with pink dildos if I so desired. San Francisco. (just kidding, but definitely far from my parents.)


Now, here's what happened after.


We get through church normally. I'm miserable. My parents are vibing, they are one with Christ and FEELING it. Maybe feeling it a little more than usual... I then realize my dad is definitely worshiping louder than usual. I really hurt this man.


The service ends, and we pile into the truck to go home. We start to drive, and my mom tells me to stop looking sad in church. My dad then takes this as his in to rant. And rant he does. For what was easily ten minutes,  I hear about how disappointed he is. Now, he doesn't mention the dildo or my sexuality by name, dare such foul words cross his lips. He just rants about who I am. How he wishes I was the way I used to be, how he misses the way I used to worship, and how he wonders why I want to be a demon. Funnily enough, this is not the first time I've heard those sentiments from him. Also, imagine discovering your child masturbates and you take that to mean they want to be a demon.


All in all, everything's fine! I'm not getting kicked out, I'm not having my room raided. My dad has just finally lost all hope for me. And you know what, that's okay, because I was never going to be the person he wanted anyway. Here's to starting off 2020 through leaving my dildo out and accidentally freeing myself of unrealistic expectations!"|eggblossom|True|https://redd.it/ekff1x|34415|0.79|18|2033|1|tifu
ekrgcz|2020-01-06 08:50:38|TIFU by basically mimicking my 1-yr-old who puts everything in his mouth and thus nearly poisoning myself...|"This happened about 12 hours ago. We have some Taro ""Elephant Ear"" plants that we bring in every winter. One of them was getting leaves that were kinda out of hand. So I decided to trim them back to the stock to let some of smaller leaves have a shot as the big ones were obnoxiously huge.   
  
Post-trim I'm looking at the stock and I think to myself...""that looks like what Aloe ooz looks like."" Without skipping a beat, I mention to /u/PlayerTwo2016, ""I wonder what it tastes like?!"". She doesn't even have a second to process my comment/question before I go tongue first to take a taste. Well, it tasted actually kinda sweet...for like 10 seconds. Aaaaand this is the first time in my life I thought I was gonna need an EpiPen. My tongue, my lips, my throat....everything BURNED with a fiery fire of piercing needles. After some interwebbing, it turns out the sap is literal poison to the human system and if swallowed can result respiratory arrest and death.  
  
In hindsight, I probably should of gone to the doctor. I feel better now but a little messed up. Gnawing on a cold wash cloth, eating some ice cream and an evening beer have helped. Still burns though.  
      
TL:DR don't put your tongue on random things out of curiosity. It can result in a medical emergency.  
   
Here is [the literal culprit...](https://imgur.com/kK5X40b.jpg)"|PlayerOne2016|False|https://redd.it/ekrgcz|290|0.99|0|27|1|tifu
ekw04t|2020-01-06 16:01:11|TIFU by asking my in-laws if they wanted to shower with me|"Actually this was a couple of days ago, but I am still being teased about it. English isn't my first language so I apologise for any grammatical mistakes. 


So we had a friend over who wanted to use the shower. We live with my fiancee's parents and they have this rule that you gotta ask if anyone have to use the bathroom before taking a shower. More so you can get some privacy without anyone interrupting you. 


So I walk in the living room and somehow my brain decide to stop functioning. So instead of asking my in-laws ""Do you need to pee before *friend* is gonna use the shower?"" I asked them *""Do you wanna shower with me before I have to pee?""*


My poor mother-in-law looked funny at me, while my father-in-law said ""Yeah! Let me find a towel!"" Before bursting out in laugher. Now my fiancee and her family keeps teasing me about it and my father-in-law keeps telling me he will find his towel if the offer still stands...


TL;DR - Had to ask if my in-laws had to use the bathroom before our friend had to use the shower, accidentally asked if they wanted to shower with me. Still getting teased about it."|Yoshiballz69|False|https://redd.it/ekw04t|43|0.97|0|19|1|tifu
eky1sm|2020-01-06 18:28:34|TIFU by cutting off the blood supply to my lady parts|"This morning I woke up and went to pee, just as I normally would. But when I went to take my panties off I felt a sharp tug right on my hood piercing. It kinda hurt, and I assumed the lace had just got caught around it during the night. I peed and wiped, that also hurt. So I went back to my bedroom to examine my goods and my hood around my piercing is bulging at me like something out of Alien. I checked around it and couldn't see anything so I gave it a clean (which hurt) and carried on my merry way.

Anyway, throughout my day at work it was getting more and more painful, and to relieve the friction by the end of the day I was walking not unlike John Wayne. When my boss asked if I was okay I made up some bullshit story about my back hurting. I don't know if he bought it but he pretended to and that's good enough for me.

So after dropping my car sharer off, I phone my piercing salon and explain that I have a very well-established hood piercing that I've had for about 3 months but it's suddenly got super angry. She's all aye come in, pal. So I do.

I get there and whack my panties off and frog it on their piercing table, and the lassie takes a look and informs me ""oh yeah that's heckin swollen"". Like aye, I know. So she starts taking the piercing out to have a look and the conversation went a bit like this:

Her: ohhhh I see what the problem might be

Me: wut

Her: you've got a really long hair down here

Me: eh?? I normally keep things tidy down there

Her: no, like a head hair, it's wrapped around the piercing, it's probably that that's irritating it

Me: oh, alright, well that's embarrassing

Her: wait, hang on

Me: ...

Her: ... HOLY SHIT okay so I absolutely know what the problem is

So it turns out that one of my long, thin head hairs had worked its way to my lady garden, wrapped itself around my hood with the most perfect slip not you ever did see (I know this because after a bit of ouchies she pulled the hair off with a small pick, still intact), but because it was caught behind my piercing the only thing it could do was proceed to get tighter in an attempt to try docking my hood like a spaniel's tail.

We were both so utterly confused. But the relief was instant and now I know my clit isn't about to fall off so I guess that's a double win for me.

TLDR; got a hair wrapped around my lady hood until it swelled up like a bitch, that my piercer then had to remove"|IdgePidge|False|https://redd.it/eky1sm|18|1.0|0|7|1|tifu
eksaye|2020-01-06 10:24:19|TIFU by running to my girlfriend|"So this wasn't today, but a year ago. I should have posted then, my bad.

I used to drive my girlfriend from her job teaching ballet downtown.
The lessons would usually go late into the evenings, so it was almost always dark when I went to pick her up.
She'd been having a shitty day, and I wanted to make her happy, so I showed up 10 minutes early and bought her a scone from a nearby coffee shop.
I then headed over to pick her up.

I need to mention the layout of her work.
The studio that she worked in was in the back of an old building, accessible by an exit into a parking lot behind the building, and an employee exit into an alley, which connected to a main road.
Normally, I parked on that main road, since it faster to leave that way.
This time, however, I had parked next to the coffee shop, and had walked a block to get to the studio.

I decided to meet her right at the exit, and surprise her with the scone.
However, I didn't know which exit she would take, so I stood at the back corner of the building and watched both the rear exit and side exit.

Finally, after seeing her class leave, I saw her come out of employee exit.
I started walking toward her, but it was dark, and she headed straight for the main street without seeing me.
Realizing an opportunity to surprise her, I started silently sprinting toward her, reaching for the scone in my coat pocket.
She turned toward me, yelped and -- starting running as fast as she could away.

*It wasn't my girlfriend*

I'd just accidentally stalked some poor woman through an alley.

To add to the story: I'm a 6'3"" dude. Not that intimidating in the light, but I was wearing a coat, which definitely made me look bigger in the dark.

My girlfriend popped out a minute later, I gave her my scone, asked her if anyone else had been working that night who had left through the employee exit.
Nobody was working that night besides her, so we couldn't figure out who I had scared.

...Until a notice came out several days later, warning students of the studio to exit through the rear and avoid the alley.
Turns out it was one of her 12 year old students that I'd chased through the alley.
The student had slipped through the employee exit without anyone noticing.

**TL; DR** Accidentally chased a 12 year old through a dark alley, trying to surprise my girlfriend with a scone."|accidental_creep_123|False|https://redd.it/eksaye|74|0.96|0|6|1|tifu
ekxck2|2020-01-06 17:38:21|TIFU by drinking, adventuring and ending up in the ER after I attempted to play with a dog|"Obligatory “not literally today.” On to the story. Recently a friend (Alec) invited a few of us up to his family’s cabin. It’s not one of those luxury cabins but a one-bedroom, 70s build with a first aid kit that is maybe even older. Naturally, we were all enjoying important pastimes like pushing each other into a freezing lake and drinking beer before noon. 

On day two, Alec wanted to take us on a hike that overlooks the lake. We would need to walk 20-30 minutes to get to the spot where the hike would begin. We’d been having beers on and off throughout the day but everyone was feeling great. 

Now, this seems like the point that things would go wrong, but surprisingly the hike ends up accident-free. I’m feeling amped. I’m feeling tipsy. I’m feeling like I want to play with Alec’s dog Sugar. 

We’ve just made it back to the gravel road when I spot the perfect branch. Sugar had been running around picking up measly sticks, wagging her little golden lab tail and being cute. She was going to LOVE this branch. I pick it up and try to get her attention but she’s ahead of me. Maybe she doesn’t hear me. Maybe she’s ignoring me. I must find out. 

I get ready to sprint. Right Foot goes down perfect - 10 out of 10. Left Foot follows. Things are going well. Another impressive step by Right Foot. Left follows up and - oh shit - I step on the lace of the right hiking boot. I should have double knotted them. I pitch forward. My arms swing out in an attempt to re-establish balance. My left hand is holding the branch and then it’s spearing it through my right palm before flailing away along with the branch. With all of the intelligence and grace of a drunken ox, I break my fall with my punctured right hand and proceed to skid across the gravel. Let’s just really open that wound up, yeah? 

As a spectator, my friends said it looked like a “weak-ass fall” and therefore expected me to just have a scratched up palm. I myself didn’t realize how forcefully I skewered my hand with the branch so I was not expecting the view that greeted me when I flipped my hand over.

The first thing I thought was “that should be inside my hand.” (If you are squeamish the following content may bother you). 

There were these white chucks seeping out of the gash and small rocks were stuck embedded in my skin before being submerged in blood. ([enjoy pics](https://imgur.com/a/i7gCzfK) if you’d like)

There’s nothing to do but walk back to the cabin to see if we can fix it up. That 30-minute walk was the perfect amount of time for the adrenaline to start wearing off and HOLY HELL MY HAND IS ON FIRE.   

We get into the cabin and I start cleaning it out. Some of the guys have to leave because looking at my palm is making them dizzy. My pal Michael stays. With his Eagle Scout background, he asks if he can use tweezers to pull a chunky flap of skin back to see how it looks under there.

There’s even more gravel trapped inside. We keep trying to figure out what the white globs are.

Then Michael suggests I use alcohol whips since the water that I had previously washed my hand with is lake water and god knows what I just put all up on an open wound. 

Using alcohol wipes on the tender, shredded beef of my palm was like putting my hand in fire. I sit down because I’m getting lightheaded. Michael contemplates whether or not he can stitch it up himself when I finally confirm that no, I should go to the ER. 

Apparently I was acting pretty composed because Michael says he’ll drive me to the ER but he wants to eat dinner first with the others. For some reason I’m just trying to stay very calm so I nod and just cradle my hand, staring into the beyond. 30 minutes late we set off for the 45-minute drive into town. 

At the ER I get some stitches and a soft case for the hairline fracture in my wrist. The white globs are confirmed to be fat seeping out of the wound. Neat.

$600 later and I still can’t believe Sugar didn’t even acknowledge that stupid fucking stick.

TLDR; I was tipsy pre and post-hike, found a big branch and went to offer it to my friend’s dog. I tripped, stabbed my right hand down to the fat and broke my fall with said hand. Needed stitches and a cast."|judgementalNPC|False|https://redd.it/ekxck2|10|0.81|0|3|1|tifu
eky69h|2020-01-06 18:37:39|"TIFU By Telling a Caller to ""Stick it Somewhere"""|"A little bit of background.  I work in a collection call center.  We take inbound calls only,  so people are calling us for explanations, to schedule payment plans,  or make payments.  We send letters to notify people of their accounts. 

So, fast forward to fuck up...

I'm on the phone with someone.  They've called multiple times for an account they received a letter their deceased family member owed. It was sent out in error. They hadn't received anything, as things were cancelled before they went out due to us being aware of the debt. 

I advised them we were still working on correcting things.  I'd send another service request out, just to be safe, and that they didn't need to worry about the letter. 

They ask me what they should do with the letter.  I'm fried from a stressful weekend, and this is my first call of the morning and I'm a bit groggy.  Instead of telling them that ""they can keep it for their records"" I say ""You can just stick it somewhere.""

Queue a good five seconds of complete silence.  Everyone in the office stops talking,  the caller is silent, and I'm horrified.  Everyone bursts into laughter. I start desperately explaining I didn't mean it to come out like that and apologizing. 

The customer thought it was hilarious.  My coworkers thought so too. All our calls are recorded and some are randomly selected for review.  Here's hoping my supervisor doesn't pick that one. 


Argh.

TL;DR: Told a caller to stick the letter somewhere instead of telling them they could keep it for their records."|Aaeadile|False|https://redd.it/eky69h|7|1.0|0|2|1|tifu
ektim3|2020-01-06 12:28:10|TIFU by throwing a full milkshake “out” a clean car window|"Like most posts this wasn’t today but many years ago.

At the McDonalds drive-thru with my teenage friends, I’m driving, and everyone is getting milkshakes, shamrock shakes to be exact (good old St Patrick’s Day special in Canada). I had been recently diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes, but prior to diagnosis loved milkshakes. 

I give in to the urge and buy the milkshake, but a few sips into it I’m feeling guilty and decide to toss it. So I pull up to the garbage near the exit on the passenger side. And toss my shake across the car in front of my friend and it completely explodes on the closed window. Shamrock shake everywhere. Lime green cream on every inch of my buddy, all over the window, all over the dash, all over the windshield, all over the roof, all over myself. And he just stares at me like WTF just happened!?!?! Guys I’m the back absolutely howling. 

It’d been a nice night and we were all hot coming back from hockey so windows down but for some reason he rolled his up just before I tossed my nearly full shake right into it.  Long clean up process I can assure you. 

Classic laugh though. 

Read an old post about the dude throwing his steak “out” a clean window for the first time today and thought of it.

TL;DR threw a full shamrock shake “out” a closed car window completely exploding it in my buddy’s face and leading to a long cleanup"|keitelathon|False|https://redd.it/ektim3|18|0.91|0|2|1|tifu
ekw4dh|2020-01-06 16:09:51|TIFU by picking a picture off the ground|"Flash back to 1999 when we thought we were all going to die at the stroke of midnight on December 31st. My town has this huge ""last hurrah"" type celebration where you can spend New Years Eve night doing things you never did before in case it all goes to shit. 30 minutes of ball room dancing, 30 minutes of stand up comedy, 30 minutes of listening to a jazz band, etc. You pick what you want to do all evening and they give you 15 minutes to get from one thing to another. It was one of the most fun and unique things I've ever done in my life.

Whilst jetting from venue to venue, I spot a 4x6 photo on the ground and snatch it up. It's a photo of a guy in a native american headdress full on crying while looking at the camera. I get the reference but it was just one more weird thing in an already strange night, but I pocketed the photo of this stupid hipster and remember the whole night fondly.

Years later I somehow lucked my way into working on a movie. A guy came into the place I worked at saying he was producing a movie in our town and was looking for some equipment. I knew all about what he was asking for and told him we didn't have it. We wound up talking, he realizes I'm somewhat clued in and he invites me to come work on the movie.

Cut to two weeks later and I'm taking vacation from my real job to work on this movie. The movie crew is coming in from New York and LA. I'm supposed to meet them outside of an old warehouse they are planning to shoot in. It's ass o'clock in the morning. I'm wide awake and nervous but it's barely light out. While standing there, waiting for this movie crew to show up, I suddenly realize I'm standing in the exact spot where I found the photo of the crying guy years earlier.

I instinctively look to the ground and I'll be damned if there isn't ANOTHER photo, ass up, on the ground in the same spot. In my mind I'm thinking that this is a sign. Like things are all clicking into place. This is just the first movie I'll work on in a long and lustrous career and I'll always have whatever this photo is to commemorate it. It's too perfect to be a coincidence. This is fate and this is how it happens.

I bend down to pick up the photo, flip it over, and discover that it's of an erect cock. All greased up and veiny, artfully composed in profile.

At that exact moment, this huge van full of camera equipment and the crew rounds the corner. I have, at best, seconds to decide what to do with this picture. Do I throw it on the ground? If I do that and it lands face up, I'm the guy that's been standing here next to this dick pic the whole time. I'd have to talk to them about it and this would be the first conversation I'm ever having with these people. If it lands face down and one of them picks it up they might even think \*I\* was the one that put it there.

As the crew begin pouring out, shaking my hand, and making introductions, I instinctively slide the greasy dick pic into my pocket.

What ensues is one of the most stressful days of my life. While working on this movie, I am constantly pulling things in and out of my pockets and I am terrified that the picture will accidentally slip out. It's the first day and this location doesn't have any trash cans or really any place for me to ditch this fucking thing. ANYWHERE I put it would quickly be noticed and my very best chance is to try to leave the location entirely.

Finally, well into the afternoon, we are asked to block out some windows. I have an excuse to jet down to the CVS for some supplies. I say I need to use the bathroom and stuff that greasy dick way down into the trash can.

What ensued were hellish 14+ hour days working on this complete shitshow of a movie. It turns out that one of the producers had been embezzling funds. This was discovered the day before shooting and now the production had HALF the budget. One of the producers hands me a camera and asks me to review some ""footage"". I uncomfortably watched a woman who is five feet away from me IRL, slowly take off all her clothes for the camera. We had two actual stars on the project who would only come out of wardrobe to shoot their scenes and nothing more. They were out of there five minutes after they were wrapped. I wound up working under the Director of Photography who treated me like I was the biggest fucking idiot he'd ever met. Turns out he was told I was some very experienced gaffer and film worker instead of just some guy. Though he was much nicer after he found that out... which was the last day of shooting.

In the end, the movie was apparently so sloppy that it didn't cut together and was unreleasable. Not even the ""european cut"" the producer kept promising, with all this extra nudity. I did work on a few other things and I'm fine. I survived. About the biggest thing to come from the movie is one of the stars got married to a guy who was on Breaking Bad and in the movie No Country for Old Men.

TL;DR - I found a dick pic on the ground and had to carry it around for a full day."|GrandMoffFartin|True|https://redd.it/ekw4dh|8|0.91|0|6|1|tifu
ekhcr9|2020-01-05 19:03:44|TIFU by making my dad think I want to kill myself because of my bondage kink|"For reference, I'm a male 19 yo in college in the US. I'm home for winter break right now. About a week ago, the girl I've been hooking up with here let me know that she has a bondage kink. It just so happens that I share similar tastes, so I immediately ran to home depot. Buying 50ft of rope raised some suspicion from the workers there. I avoided asking for the section that it was in, but couldn't find the ropes for like 20 minutes so I asked some guys who worked there where they were. They joked ""don't be goin tying anyone up now. We didn't hear nothin"". Little did they know... Then, at the checkout line, the cashier seemed slightly weirded out about my purchase. She gave me her snapchat, which could either have been because she was into me or because she was concerned I was trying to hang myself and was trying to give support. I never snapped her because I was not interested in that conversation with a stranger. Buying rope from home depot is a definite no no.

Anyway, I get home and immediately put the ropes in my room, hidden away. I take a sigh of relief and pass out on the couch. About an hour later, my dad gets home and sees a Home Depot receipt for a 50ft rope. He wakes me up almost in tears. He thought I was trying to hang myself.

At that moment I started internally panicking... there was no explanation I could give other than the truth to convince this man that I was not attempting to kill myself. So that's what I told him. I said ""Dad, do you really want to know the reason why I bought that rope? You're not going to like it."" He says yes. ""It's for a girl."" He scoffs and walks away. This is the most awkward moment of my life. But hey, the ropes ended up working really well for their intended purpose.

Tl;dr I bought 50 feet of rope to play around with a girl who is into bondage. My dad finds the receipt and is convinced I'm trying to end my life. I had to tell him the truth."|grouchyface|False|https://redd.it/ekhcr9|427|0.94|0|105|1|tifu
ekq4q0|2020-01-06 06:31:34|TIFU by confessing to my ex|"This happened yesterday. A quick background: I have this ex gf, we dated back in college 10 years ago but parted ways after college because of her career. We remained cordial and every once in a while, during holidays, we would cross paths in our small hometown. This holiday we crossed paths again (the last time was 3 years ago) and I invited her for coffee for old time's sake.

Everything went exceedingly well, we're both single and this is where the FU started: Unexpectedly, my old feelings resurfaced and just like that, I was smitten by this now more matured and independent version of my ex. Our coffee date was cut short since she needed to be somewhere but we were texting again.

By this time my vacation was running to an end and I'm feeling really down and emotional so last night comes the real FU by pulling a classic schmosby by texting her along the lines of: I'm liking her again but I know I shouldn't. This is of course badly worded and I sound (and am) desperate and pathetic. Her response was a cool can of well-deserved ghosting. Today I'm back at work, deprived of sleep, unable to do a damn thing and the feeling of shame, remorse and regret is all-consuming. This is now my top cringe memory that I will probably relive for years to come. What better way to start the decade eh?  


TL;DR - bumped into ex of decade ago, confessed my feelings after one date, was ghosted and now feeling emo."|bzztmachine|False|https://redd.it/ekq4q0|53|0.9|0|9|1|tifu
eky3d9|2020-01-06 18:31:47|TIFU by not realizing my husband has bigger arms than me|"Obligatory ""not today"" but over the past several years. So every time my husband spoons me, he rests his arm on my waist. His arm is so heavy it actually makes it hard for me to breathe, so after a few minutes, I would move his arm to my hip or shoulder. Every time, he took this as me saying I didn't want to cuddle and would roll away. At the same time, whenever I was the big spoon, I would awkwardly place my arm along his leg to avoid squishing him and he would think I just didn't want to cuddle him all the way.

This went on for YEARS: him thinking I never wanted to snuggle and me thinking he was an inconsiderate snuggler, until finally yesterday he asked why I never put my arm all the way around him. That's when we both realized that, duh... His arm is like 10 pounds more than mine. Spooning has improved a lot.

TL;DR I spent years thinking my partner and I were bad at spooning, just because I didn't think about size difference."|PopcornWhale|False|https://redd.it/eky3d9|5|0.86|0|1|1|tifu
ek6x07|2020-01-05 02:51:48|TIFU by looking at a pornographic painting before receiving ketamine therapy|"I receive ketamine infusions every few weeks as part of my medical care. Today I arrived to the doctor a bit early so was killing time on my phone, where I came across this article:
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.thecut.com/amp/2019/07/art-student-dick-pic-painting-tinder.html
I read it, looked at a few other things, and then it was time for my treatment.

The dose of ketamine I receive is therapeutic, not recreational, but I definitely experience some of the side effects of the drug. Usually I see a lot of colors, fly through space tunnels, that kind of thing. It’s very relaxing. Not today. Today I saw dicks. Dicks everywhere. I flew through a tunnel of dicks. I twirled through a field of dicks. I looked through a kaleidoscope of dicks. It’s like every dick I’ve ever seen made an appearance. 

TL; DR: Looked at a painting of 140 dicks before ketamine infusions; ended up looking at 140,000 psychedelic dicks for an hour.

EDIT: (1) I’m a middle-aged, married lady. I’m only interested in my husband’s dick, which I’m sure was in there somewhere. (2) I receive treatments for Bipolar 2 disorder, which is characterized by longer depressive periods and shorter hypomanic periods. Ketamine is the only thing that’s allowed me to avoid the crippling effects of mood episodes. I’ve been able to reduce my other medications which had side effects I didn’t like, and I’ve been able to go off of anti-anxiety medications completely. (3) I don’t do recreational drugs and have never tried anything like that—not even weed. I also only have maybe ten drinks per year. (4) My doctor is the one who said I don’t get a recreational dose. He was really clear about that. Maybe he was downplaying things so I wouldn’t seek out illegal ketamine. I’m very creative, and my doctor has told me I’m “highly suggestible” and that I have the most vivid ketamine dreams of any of his patients. Not sure if that makes a difference. I would most definitely not try anything recreationally. (5) I’m not a doctor and not in the medical field. I don’t know if ketamine treatments will help you. They help me, but YMMV. I felt relief within 72 hours of my first infusion."|KaleidoscopeOfDicks|False|https://redd.it/ek6x07|36697|0.91|8|1261|1|tifu
ekqkhz|2020-01-06 07:15:05|TIFU by diving into the shallow end of a pool and ruining my brother’s graduation party|"A couple years back my brother who is a year younger than me had just graduated from high school and our family and friends threw him a graduation party at our house. Since we are close in age, we share a lot of the same friends, so later that night we decided to throw a party once all the adults left or went to bed. One thing lead to another and before I knew it I was absolutely sauced. A lot that happened during the night is still a little fuzzy but I do remember a friendly-fight circle broke out and of course drunk me was going to get involved. If I was sober I probably would not have taken this bet, but someone bet me to fight the biggest kid at the party (this kid is now a D1 linebacker for a Big 10 school) and somehow by the grace of god I managed to choke this kid to submission. At this point with the win under my belt and my body full of liquid courage, I’m feeling invincible! Right after the fight I bet this random kid that if I make a behind the back basketball shot he has to jump in our pool, and the kid agrees. Now, I normally cannot make a free throw to save my damn life and I swish the fuckin thing! Holy shit, I’m feeling like the biggest alpha at this grad party now! So the kid, honoring the bet jumps into our pool. Now, our house has whats called an in-ground sports pool; meaning that both ends are 3 ft deep and the middle is 6 feet deep. 
For some reason I felt bad for making the kid jump into the pool so I decide I’m going to jump in after him.

This is where I fucked up...

I go to jump into the deep part of our pool at an angle and dive head first and come up a couple inches inches short of the deep end and smack my fuckin head into the shallow end! Thinking back I remember hearing a crunch under the water. Somehow I didnt knock myself out but I remember coming out of the water with an excruciating pain in my neck and everyone looking at my with horror on their face. Little did I know I also split my head open so there was blood completely covering my face. I tried so hard to play it all off like I was perfectly fine and that it was just a small cut but turns out it was a two inch gash that was definitely going to need staples. 

At this point my parents were so pissed that they shut down the party and made everyone that wasnt drinking leave and the rest go to bed. Meanwhile I’m on the way to the hospital and every bump my dad hits sends a shooting pain down my neck. I’m still pretty drunk at this point so I think the alcohol was helping numb the pain a bit. When we get to the hospital, we tell the front desk what happened and they immediately throw a neck brace on me and bring me to the x rays. While were waiting for the results the docs stitch my head back together. The doctor comes back into the room with this look like he’s just seen a ghost and just says, “wow, excuse my language, but you are really fucking lucky.” 
Turns out that crunch I heard was my C7 and C4 vertebrae fracturing, and my C4 vertebrae was 2 millimeters from making me a quadriplegic! So to say I was ‘fucking lucky’ is even an understatement! 

Couple years later now and I’m thankfully to be using all my extremities although I do have chronic neck and back pain now lol, but I’ll take that trade off if it means being able to walk! Also safe to say that I now pace myself at grad parties! :)

TL;DR Dove into the shallow end of a pool at my brother’s grad party. Ruined the party, broke my neck, and almost became a quadriplegic"|Yung-Tre|False|https://redd.it/ekqkhz|38|0.91|0|8|1|tifu
ekjcej|2020-01-05 21:29:53|TIFU By Testing How Strong My Phone Case Is|"Today I decided to see how strong a phone case I bought on Amazon was. My friend was looking for a new phone case that wasn't expensive. I suggested mine since I bought it off Amazon for around $20, and it has lasted me about a year and a half. When they came over we decided the beat way to test how strong the case is to throw my phone at the wall. However we decide to be more daring to see what would break first my phone or my dry wall. So my friend decided to stand next to the wall to see if a wall would crack on impact. I should probably mention that the case I bought made my phone weigh a lot, also I'm very stupid. I throw the phone and I saw it make impact straight into my friend's face. The phone lived but my friend's face was now a fountain of red just red. We went to the clinic near my house and they told us that his nose was broken. I started asking him to forgive me that I was so sorry. my friend was awesome and he forgave me and we laughed it off. He bought the phone case.
TL ;DR I showed my friend first hand how strong my phone case is."|iCraveDeathLOL69|False|https://redd.it/ekjcej|224|0.92|0|30|1|tifu
ekxlfx|2020-01-06 17:56:13|TIFU by launching a snot rocket into a baby’s mouth|"I’d like to preface this with the obligatory this didn’t happen today, it happened last night.

So last night, my friends and I decided to take the train downtown. I’ve been sick with a pretty nasty cold the past couple of days so I thought it would be nice to finally go out with friends. Because of the cold, I’ve been pretty congested and had taken some DayQuil. DayQuil has a decongestant in it that loosens mucus. This is important for later.

We get on the train, sit down, nothing really special. The seats are booth style (each one can fit two people and face each other). Sitting behind me, back to back, is a mother and her child. The child was young, still a baby young. 

We are just talking, messing around when all of a sudden I get the tickling sensation like I have to sneeze. I throw my elbow up and turn my head over my shoulder to sneeze into my arm/shoulder.

As I turn my neck and have already fully committed to sneeze, I notice last second that the mom is holding her baby (the baby’s face is facing me now on the women’s shoulder). I sneezed and a large gloop of mucus landed DIRECTLY in the baby’s mouth. Like perfectly in the kids mouth.

Obviously I tried to contain all the grossness into my arm but it all happened so fast and the train was moving and ugggh

The baby started crying and I think the mother just assumed my sneeze scared the baby. Even if the baby wasn’t there a large loogie would have hit the women or someone else. 

My friends saw all of this and went silent. I had no clue what to do. The mother obviously didn’t know.

I was afraid that the baby would get really sick or something because I had a cold and baby’s have weak immune systems I think so I had to awkwardly tap on the mother’s shoulder and explain to her why my mucus was in her baby’s mouth. She was disgusted and started yelling at me and then everybody on the whole train knew what had happened. My face was super red and I honestly had no clue what else to say. I would be super pissed too if an idiot sneezed mucus into my baby’s mouth. 

Got off at the next stop and waited for the next train.

My friends are not gonna let me live this down. I feel so gross and embarrassed. If the mom is reading this I am so sorry. I still do not know how it didn’t hit my arm.

TL;DR I launched a loogie directly into a baby’s mouth and had to explain to the mother why my mucus was in her child’s throat."|firemeetsflames|False|https://redd.it/ekxlfx|5|0.86|0|2|1|tifu
ekn1s1|2020-01-06 02:06:04|TIFU: I tried to recreate a hot encounter with my wife and a ball gag and ended up with $2,000 dental bill (NSFW)|"So, technically this was Friday, but I digress...been on vacation for 2 weeks. Lots of holiday stress and drama with family, been all over the place.   Having an above average amount of sex with my wife,  so that is a bonus.  Sex these days is pretty routine...not bad, but not super exciting.  

Something triggers a memory of an anniversary a few years ago,  we rented a hotel  room, had a baby sitter for the night. Brought champagne and charcuterie...got pretty drunk.  We are both pretty normal,  but both more comfortable being submissive, so we kind of just takes turns endulging each other's fantasies.

So this particular night,  I got some new toys...a ball gag that has a dildo receptacle and some other similar facial harness...I attempt to fuck her with the harness...does not  work at all... this is more of a face riding type of tool.   Now we were fairly drunk at this point, but I remember waking up and thinking that was one of the hottest things I have ever been a part of.

Fast forward a few years to Friday...we have not touched the toy bag in years, but that night pops into my head...I tell her I want to do that again (she has very vague memories of it due to the champagne), we end up going to sleep,  but in the morning I am horny as hell and blurt out something crazy,  like we can get a new puppy or car if you do this. 

So, I may regret that decision,  but not yet..she agrees,  I get the toy,  she immediately said the  dildo was no big...it was not, same one we used the last time.   I say ok, we don't have to use it and start having sex...after 2 minutes of sex, or thinking about a puppy or car,  she tells me to put it on.  

It does not go too well...I am biting down on the ball gag...she is riding up and down...it is hot, but not like I remember... then the crack and dull pain.   My two front crowns have cracked from biting on the ball too hard.   Not fell off but cracked. 

We have both analysed our memories of the anniversary night and have concluded the ball gag toy sucked from the start... and we switched to the harness, and that is what my fond memories are of...but now I have to buy $2,000 worth of dental work.

TL/DR:  had an awesone memory of my wife using a ball gag dildo harness and we tried to recreate it years later and I broke $2000 worth of crowns on my front teeth."|face1828|True|https://redd.it/ekn1s1|90|0.88|0|11|1|tifu
ekq7a1|2020-01-06 06:38:38|TIFU by leaving my buttplug in the shower|"Context time: I am a guy living with 2 other roommates, a girl (FR) and a guy (MR). I always take my showers in the morning first and since i was the only one going to work out of the 3 of us, i was of course the first one to take my shower this morning. I was feeling pretty naughty this morning so i decided to bring my buttplug with me in the shower to help, but i forgot to bring it back to my room after i finished and after eating and getting dressed i went to work, with the buttplug still in the shower.

Both my roommates are having a relaxing day. No work or school, so when i left they weren't even awake yet. Here is the rest of the story as told by them while i was away.

FR wakes up first, and goes to the bathroom, apparently waking up MR. MR gets up and goes about his morning routine of eating, noticing FR is taking a while in the bathroom. She comes out a few minutes later, hair all brushed and ready to relax. MR decides this would be a good time to shower. He hops into the shower, and immediately notices it.

Note: we keep our soap bottles in the shower, theres space on all 4 corners of the tub. I left my buttplug next to FR soap.

He showers and wonders what to do while drying off, finally deciding to just bring it to FR (since he thought it was hers. I wish i could've seen the look on his face when FR denied it was hers, and said that if it wasn't his, it had to be mine.

I come back from work a few hours later and start preparing supper, when MR comes up to me, red in the face. I say hi, and ask him what's up. He shows me the toy, says he found it in the shower and asks if it was mine. Now its my turn to go red in the face as i take it from him slowly with a nod. ""Yep... It's mine""

MR seems a little scarred from the incident and hasn't talked to me since, FR seems unphased and we even laughed during supper about how i could've left my toy in the shower.

TLDR: Both my roommates now know i like to have stuff in my butt while i shower."|I_Have_No_Sanctuary|True|https://redd.it/ekq7a1|33|0.74|0|8|1|tifu
ekly1l|2020-01-06 00:41:20|TIFU by not paying attention to which language I was understanding.|"I went grocery shopping with my grandma because I’ll be at her house for a few days. When we got to the grocery store, we got into the Asian food aisle. 

I’m conversational in Japanese and can read and understand very basic Korean. The grocery store was very crowded and I saw a box that said “Ramen”. I knew it wasn’t in English but i just tossed it into the cart anyway. 

I get hungry later. Decide to open up my noodles to satisfy my hunger. I notice now that the noodles are a Japanese brand I’m unfamiliar with. Fuck it, I’m hungry, I’m gonna eat. I make my noodles and sit down for a taste test, and when it came up great i reached over and added the spice packet. 

Horrible idea. 

Korean spicy noodles I can handle. A glass of cold water and a shot of milk later and my lips don’t burn anymore. 

But Japanese spicy noodles are spiced with *wasabi* flakes. 

I scarfed down the first forkful and immediately regretted it. My eyes, nose, and mouth were all leaking various fluids. I was choking and sputtering and trying to find some water. I cried into my noodles for a good few minutes before regaining my composure. 

Lesson learned? Pay attention to what language you’re understanding

TL;DR : Thought I was understanding Korean rather than Japanese, ate wasabi flakes that cleared my sinuses *thoroughly*"|cleanurcloset|False|https://redd.it/ekly1l|108|0.89|0|10|1|tifu
eky09v|2020-01-06 18:25:23|TIFU by playing porn in my Professor Cabin|"So  this happened a while back , I had my end semester exams so before attending the end semester exams, every batch has a Professor assigned to them who is responsible to distribute the admit cards which the students are supposed to show to the Invigilator present in the exam hall, who then verify all the details and tell you where you are supposed to sit.

So I was in my dorm room all alone and haven't masturbated in a while about 5-6 days so I opened up pornhub on my phone searching for the perfect video once I found that .. the work began, and as I was alone I was playing the video without earphones , so I was in the middle of doing the job when I received a call from my professor who was supposed to distribute the admit card for my batch,  I got full messed up and all .. put my dick away and picked up the call , he told me to come to his cabin right away to collect the admit card because he will be on leave for a while, so I said okay ,and hung up the phone and directly locked it(important). After that I put on my pant and went to his cabin, I knocked on his door and he gave a signal to come in, after that I went in, he asked me if I emailed him the assignment  he gave us a day before, I said "" Yes sir, I did "" , he asked me to show him the email, so I took out my phone to show it, to my surprise as I opened up the phone the porn video started playing as because I didn't close it before, the girl in the video was screaming "" **GIVE IT TO ME BABYY** "" .. I tried closing the tab but in all suddenness  I minimized the window , went  into fullscreen and all , after all this I was finally able to close tab .. when I looked up, my professor gave me a  horrified look , he was dead looking into my eyes , I got scared and drop my phone, when I picked it up and looked at him, he broke the eye contact and was now looking into files, he told me he will look up the email himself and gave my admit card to me.

**tl;dr: was porn in dorm; was called into my professor cabin; played the porn video in the cabin by mistake.**"|chiefwhowahoo|True|https://redd.it/eky09v|4|1.0|0|0|1|tifu
ekrova|2020-01-06 09:17:10|TIFU by puking all over the nurse I liked. NSFW|"Obligatory notification: this happened years ago. 

I went to the ER due to reasons. I spent about half the time admiring and hitting it off with the nurse. She was extra nice and accepting and made me feel much better. I think we were having a grand time. Obviously it's her job to be nice to me but it was genuine niceness and we were vibing.

But I was badly injured.

and that's when it all went wrong. they gave me pain medicine. First they gave me tramadol (lol) and then morphine. It worked and removed all pain for about an hour. I dozed off and was at peace. Then it suddenly ended and I was hurting badly again. Ask for relief. They consider this and by now have examined the extent of the injury. When it was obvious i was still flopping around in severe pain they gave me dilaudid. It was too much. I've never used any intravenous drugs before so I had no idea of the raw strength and instant effect of hard opiates. As soon as her finger pushed the plunger I could taste it in my mouth. A sour metallic taste and then that's when the shit hit the fan. I've never felt something so fast. I mean INSTANT. the instant come up and euphoria was like being strapped to a speeding train. My mom was telling me let go of the bed rail because I was white knuckling the bed trying to keep from blasting off. I was rolling cousin.

My tummy got real upset from the extreme euphoria and strength of the drugs. I think it's just too much and I'm not used to the feeling. I told nurse hottie I need to lay on my side because I'm sick and she helped me roll over. My eyes are in the back of my head from the effect and I can't see her. She helps me prop up my head since my body isn't working well at this point. I'm babbling that I'm sick and the drug is too much for me and what have they done.

She tells me again and again the sickness is just a feeling and will pass soon and I will go to sleep. She's stroking my hair and I feel real nice. Real nice. But my tummy is really upset. I begin to beg for a container because I'm sick from the drugs. She keeps telling me it's okay I'll be fine it's just a feeling. I'm desperate at this point but I'm severely impaired by the strong drugs so maybe I'm not getting my point across. I think my words are likely slurred and I can't see well. Eventually I begin to straight up plead with her to help me because I'm badly sick. She finds this funny and continues to comfort me with head rubs and platitudes.

I puked all over her. She was sitting by the bed and the puke got into her lap and soaked her. I guess my body had instinct enough to puke away from the bed I was in and off the side. She took the full brunt of the horror. I don't fully remember her reaction and aftermath because dope but I do remember she was very upset and ran from the room. She jumped up and words were said and I was oblivious and dozing off by this time. 

They fixed me up and the drugs took effect and I slept about 4 hours and then had a successful operation. Nurse hottie never came back and on the way out in the wheelchair the next night waved at her and she looked away, disgusted. She was changed up so I guess she had a shower and cleaned up. Sorry nurse hottie I liked you and I tried to tell you I was sick

TL;DR: hurt myself badly, went to ER. Dope was too strong and made me sick. Nurse thought it was a game and got puked on. She was upset by this. 

ETA: I was like 14 at this time. Meant no harm by calling her ""nurse hottie"" or by saying I admired and liked her. Obviously it's her job only."|rtgfi|True|https://redd.it/ekrova|18|0.88|0|12|1|tifu
eknxsj|2020-01-06 03:16:15|TIFU for signing up for tinder and inadvertently swiping right on the girl my best friend is dating.|"Disclaimer: when I say tifu I mean it, this happened today. I’m high af to try and get over this day so forgive my format and grammar. Throwaway Bc I’m a late millennial and all my friends have fucking reddit.

So I’ve(F) been with my boyfriend for almost two years and it was obvious from the get go that we weren’t extremely compatible in the whole libido department of the store (mine being higher than his.) Nevertheless, we are compatible in every other way and when the deed is done, it’s done better than your bank typing up the deed to your mortgage. Our communication is great, our personalities match, and he’s very understanding and accommodating to my pansexuality. It’s also important to note that this is only my second relationship and didn’t get the chance to explore my sexuality.

A few days ago my boyfriend and I were talking about things we wanted to do before we die and I said I wanted to sleep with a woman- we’ve talked a few times about threesomes and even a gangbang so this information wasn’t new for him. He told me that it was something he would be okay with. Gave complete consent. I repeat COMPLETE CONSENT. (I feel I have to elaborate because of negative attitudes towards non-monogamy.) After talking at length and making sure we were both comfortable, I decided to make a tinder profile. If you’ve used the Digital Penis and Vagina Photo Album, then you know there’s a neat little option where your profile will only be shown to people that you ‘swipe right’ on. In other words, you get first pick of who even looks at your profile. I, being the technological genius that I am, clearly went to the settings and turned that setting on. You have no idea where this story is going, right? 

Fast forward a few hours, I’ve gotten a couple of matches and I decide to go ahead and turn off my account (they have the option to temporarily pull your profile from the pool of candidates) and focus on the people that I matched with. That’s when I realize that the entire time, my account was on the wrong setting. I never shut off the feature where my profile is available for anyone to view. Cue instant panic.
I swipe back over and manage to super like- it’s like liking a profile times ten where you basically try to get someone’s attention by giving them a theoretical lap dance- MY BEST FRIEND/HOUSEMATE’S GIRLFRIEND who has no idea about my sexuality and lifestyle. Time will tell if she tells him what she saw. I deleted my profile and now I’m terrified to reactivate it.

Will my best friend make fun of me for the rest of my life?
Will I readily avoid his girlfriend when she comes over tonight?
Will I ever get high enough to forget this?
Only time will tell, friends. For now, I’ll just die.

Tl;dr
Wanted to try fucking women through ethical non-monogamy, outed myself in the process."|tindergoneamissder|False|https://redd.it/eknxsj|55|0.79|0|17|1|tifu
ekwwob|2020-01-06 17:06:38|TIFU By Improving my dream-fu & axe-kicking a table|"Context:

 Now; plenty of us get a variety of dreams; some happy, some nightmarish, some boring. I get a lot of fighting dreams. We’re talking air balloon dropping in colosseums and revolutions to fighting in an underground high school wing-Chun and Kung-fu fighting ring, you get the idea.

Now here’s where the fuck up starts, I’m usually only semi lucid in my dreams as whilst I once looked into the whole process of learning to lucid dream, I decided it wasn’t worth it. I did however get some semi leftover awareness in dreams of things not ‘being right’. Usually in these dreams Any fighting or movement of the body feels like you’re in slow motion, or more accurately fighting someone and trying to punch whilst underwater. 
I’m there taking full speed blows and I’m like ‘what the fuck, man, why are my punches so slow?’
Like even a usual counter would only barely work.
Today I found the answer as to why; it reached the end of a fight that I was winning, got the guy down and as I’m shockingly poor at grappling, I went in for an axe kick finisher.
Bad move, especially considering my hindsight is in 20/20.
This full speed axe kick (which if you don’t know what that is, picture yourself doing that cheerleader thing where they raise their leg as high up as possible before bringing it down with the force of a thousand suns with the heel of your foot.

Now, I get it, you’re sitting there reading this rambling and you may be confused, but this is the moment in a Guy Ritchie film where the non-linear story comes together.
The reason I was moving full motion, is because I actually was moving, and that axe kick happened to smash against the most solid fucking oak wood table you’ve ever seen, waking me up funnily enough.

I’m now enjoying looking at the hospital walls whilst I wait for the x-ray results, fun times.

Tl;dr if you think you’re moving normally in a dream, you probably are in real life"|TheSnakeSnake|False|https://redd.it/ekwwob|4|0.72|0|1|1|tifu
ekftmb|2020-01-05 17:15:48|TIFU by leaving my black bag behind at a airport in a forraign country.|"So this happend last summer but still. Sorry for formatting but im on mobile.
 So basicly i was in Turkey going back to the Netherlands andi had a black bag for my go pro gear with more black bags inside. While getting food at a unnamed food place i left behind my bag. A black bag in the middle of a bussy airport. So when i realised i freaked out, went lookin for it when a helpful person said the airport security took the bag. Fml. So i went back to the security area and told them in my best English what happend. He took me to a couple bags and my heart jumped when i saw it was there. I asked like if I can grab it. They hold me back and opend the suitcase. Pointing at the 2 other black bags inside. I told them they where for my gopro gear. Luckily i got thr bag back and didn't miss my plane

TL:DR i forgot my bag in a airport terminal and the security tought it was a bomb"|nigel12341|False|https://redd.it/ekftmb|284|0.9|0|19|1|tifu
ekpgm7|2020-01-06 05:27:17|"TIFU by falling asleep in my ""Friends"" bed with them in it"|"(Disclaimer: Yesterday) I fell asleep in her bed next to her yesterday evening and I had my arm around her waist and (at first) my head buried in her bosom but when I woke up my head was facing her door and she woke me up by saying 'wake up or I'll have to push you off' and I woke up and her dad just walked out of the room and she said that he just looked at her and did the *no* motion of his finger

Now mind you,her parents already didnt like or trust me to begin with, but this only makes things worse and to top it off before this,i did done nothing to piss them off but they still dont like me....

Oh and the best part is that I'm 18 and shes 17 so if they want to they can literally not allow me to see her or anything 

AND to top it off : She hung up when her mom got home an hour ago

Tl:dr fell asleep next to my gf,woke up and now I'm paranoid that I wont see her again due to abandonment issues 

Edit: -1 word plus 2 words"|PipNigga3000|False|https://redd.it/ekpgm7|29|0.8|0|8|1|tifu
ekvzya|2020-01-06 16:00:49|TIFU By having what historians consider the most awkward date in human history|" 

I have VERY little (not to say any at all) experience in dating. But one day I decided to change that by starting a conversation with a girl on FB. She's from my city, which is small, so I'd seen her around many times before this and always thought she was cute. Anyways, I decided to employ the standard strategy on the market during my approach: being funny with a little dose of cockiness to spice things up and show some confidence (totally faking it, btw. I shiver in the presence of cute girls. ""Fake it 'till you make"", imma right?). Worked like a charm and for the first few days it seemed to go smoothly.

We had common interests. She was totally what I expected. Then I decided it was time to drop the bomb: Ask her out. For my disappointment, the first try was a no-go. She alleged we didn't know each other enough for that. I understood but for my surprise, I didn't go lie down and weep in a fetal position for the next weeks. We kept talking and I kept insisting (without pressuring her, of course) until she accepted! Nice! We set the time and place where I'd meet her and off I went. There she was in a beatiful black dress (thinking back, maybe it was a bad omen. Fate tried to warn me.) and we walked until a square nearby. We sat down and talked; I found out that TWO of my closest friends had asked her out in the past before we met; I may had made a bigger deal of it than I should in her presence. So, we decided it was enough for the night and so I escorted her home. Midway through ,the evil club of the ""awkward silence"" struck us hard. In dispair and not knowing what to do, I stop, grab her hand, pull her towards me and shove my tongue down her throat (ok, this may be a little of a hyperbole)! ""Why's her tongue not wrestling with mine right now?"", I thought. ""Could the cat have ate it?"" So I realized the huge mistake I had made and tried to fix it, BY KISSING HER FOREHEAD and uttering the words ""I did that because I respect you"" in a vain attempt to save...I don't know, MY F\*\*\*\*NG SOUL OR WHATEVER! She smiled awkwardly (glad it wasn't ""slaply"") and when I offered to keep walking her until her home, she said no. I turned back face palming all the way home.

The End.

TL;DR I asked a girl out and the date was as catastrophic as it gets"|LDG192|False|https://redd.it/ekvzya|4|0.75|0|2|1|tifu
eki2c1|2020-01-05 19:53:04|TIFU by laughing at a lady who lost her husband in 9/11.|"Me and my family have a neighbor who lost her husband during 9/11. He was on United Flight 93, the one that crashed in the field after the passengers took back control from the terrorists. This date would've been their 20th anniversary. She's obviously still hurt over her husband's death and we do what we can to be there for her. Today she invited us over for lunch and we accepted and she also took the time to vent to us about how her husband's death has affected her, but I pretty much ruined it all.

We were all sat around the table when the neighbor began talking about her husband. She was talking not just about him, but also the other brave passengers who took back the plane by smashing in the cockpit door with the food cart. While she was talking about it, I suddenly started to picture the scenario in my head. I pictured the passengers ramming the door with the food cart, breaking open the door, and then fighting the terrorists by throwing food at them. I pictured one passenger yelling ""EAT PEANUTS!"" while throwing a bag of nuts at the terrorists and I also envisioned one of the terrorists yelling in his middle-Eastern accent ""Stop! I have a peanut allergy!"" I pictured all of the terrorists being knocked unconscious by small bags of food and drinks and the image was too much for me.

I burst out laughing and I couldn't stop myself. It was like Arthur Fleck's laughing, but it was genuine (albeit inappropriate) laughter that was a result of something funny to me. I couldn't stop and when I did, I apologized, but our neighbor just stared at me. My family excused ourselves and I've just heard from my parents that our neighbor is inconsolable. They now think that I have some serious issues and they told me they're going to be keeping a closer eye on me from now on.

&#x200B;

tldr: Lady was talking about her husband's death in 9/11 and I couldn't stop laughing while envisioning a comedic version of the hijacking."|NoHateNeeded|False|https://redd.it/eki2c1|136|0.81|0|41|1|tifu
ekqglc|2020-01-06 07:04:25|TIFU by accidentally poisoning my sister|"I'm in the hospital now, in the waiting room

I'm 16 and she is 14
We moved to a new house in August, and since we moved I didn't really liked sharing a bedroom with my sister so I went to sleep in the tv room. It's been that way so far. She had a whole bedroom for her, and I could stay up and use the video game without disturbing anyone.

But lately she has been making up excuses to sleep in the room, the most recurring being that the bedroom is too dark (she never before has been afraid of the dark. I know that because in the old house her bedroom was pitch dark and I couldn't stand being there for one minute because of that)

Well today she went to the room again. And brought her laptop with her. Volume on the maximum possible while I was talking with a friend on the phone

I asked her to turn the volume down and she said she wasn't going to do that. With some insistence she turned it down a little. Soon enough, she brought her nail products to the room and started to make her nails. Knowing that im allergic to that shit.

I waked up my mom to complain about that but she just got angry about that and told me to go sleep in the bedroom

When I'm back in the room she turned up the volume again. The smell of acetone was even stronger and so i resolved to turn it down. Got the pesticide aerosol and sprayed it in the general direction that she was so she would leave and since I'm not allergic to pesticide it wouldn't be bad for me (I know. It was a very dumb move. But at least she would exit the room)

Well she stayed. Turned up the volume even more, and just ignored me. I was angry as hell I couldn't talk a word with my friend because my microfone wasn't anything near good and was capturing all that sound that my sister was making.
I asked her again to turn the volume down and she refused saying that there is no way that she would do it now
Without thinking much I sprayed in the direction of her face. Thinking that she wasn't that dumb of staying, at least she would change the place in the room right? Wrong.
Now that is the moment that I realized that this wasn't healthy in any way. I asked her to at least get up and come to the other sofa so it wouldn't affect her as much as it would if her stayed. 
She denied
One or two minutes later she started coughing, every time more.
I started to think that this could be serious and turned my call down with a shitty excuse. Said to my sister get out to the garage (in my house it's right next to the room and it's more open, so it should help her to breathe better) 
Guess what. She denied, and said if anything would happen it would be my fault. 

Now at that time I just gave up. Not my business anymore. I did shit but it was her choice to stay there. 

My ""careness"" didn't last much, I brought the fan to the room to see if this would help or something but she was getting worse (by her face something was wrong) didn't help. 

Googled it and it said something about poisoning and such

At that point I was somewhat desperate (I don't know how serious this can be even now) so i took her laptop And her phone away and told her that I was only going to give them back if she would come to the garage to take some fresh air. 
She disagreed for a while but had no choice. Coughing really bad and all. I gave her the cellphone so she would have something to do there and waited a while. Didn't get any better and now her throat was, in her words, burning.
Got a cup of water, just made it worse. Troath anesthesic, it was menta flavored so it just burned more. Plus she was getting a little nauseous so no luck here

Well I waked up my mother again. I'm totally fucked now but let it be. 

Mom is angry as hell and just wanna scream at me about how I waked her up, don't wanna hear me. Tell her that is urgent and she calm down a little, i explain the situation and she come to see it. 

Well, nothing works, my mom try the same things as me, nothing works, so she stay with my sister some time until I say that its better to get her to the hospital. 

Well here we are, all the way to here my mom was talking about how I crossed the line and how I'm fucked real good. To be real I don't care anymore, I just don't want my sister to get seriously hurt.

Well that's it

TLDR: My sister was being annoying so my dumbass thought that would be a good idea to spray pesticide on her face



Update: she had to inhale sorum or something for a while in the hospital and took a injection, but she got out of there without any symptoms. My mom calmed down and I don't think I'm as fucked as I though I would be, we'll see in the morning. For now she just said to me sleep in the bedroom for the week, and that if we fight again im dead"|DoWidzenya|False|https://redd.it/ekqglc|15|0.74|0|15|1|tifu
ekxfqv|2020-01-06 17:44:39|TIFU by stripping nude in a cornfield with a guy and caught by my parents who didn’t know this guy|"Additional info: Me(F19) and him (M19). English isn’t my first language so excuse me if it isn’t great. Tl;dr is at the bottom. Not actually today but a few months ago, had to recover from this experience/trauma. Marked NSFW, better safe than sorry.

Well I fucked up by stripping in a cornfield with another guy, you could ask yourself, “Why would you do this?!”. If only I’d know the outcome, it was the rush, the excitement. I kinda have this public nudity fetish you could say.

Anyways, the backstory:

There’s this guy, we met each other at this party of mutual friends, we both were interested in each other, mainly because of these mutual friends, they were trying to match us up, eventually we started talking and we really hit it off, we didn’t start dating yet, a lot of texting followed, later followed by fooling around and having fun. We talked a lot and got to know each other. Also getting to know what we enjoy, based on the story today: Public nudity, the thought of people seeing me naked, for the love of god, I didn’t mean my parents!

I live in this town which has a lot of cornfields, it seemed like a good idea to start off with since you wouldn’t be spotted that easily in the corn, I didn’t think my f*cking parents would find out, I still wonder why I did this close to home...

We started to run around, nude of course, it was kinda itchy but hardly noticeable because of the rush, this was new for me. A weird feeling, when we were done running through the middle and the rush started to disappear we started to walk a bit closer to the edge of the field, the feeling of people who might see you, I never would’ve thought I would be standing in a range so that my dad could see this with his binoculars, since kids ruined corn fields pretty often and he thought it happened again.

So yeah, my dad had these binoculars and saw something weird, he thought it were some kids playing and ruining corn, so both my parents drove the car to the field and started to look for us, we ran so quick when we saw them, took our clothes and tried to put them on, and we wanted to run deeper in the corn, little did we know they were already there, we were still half nude when they caught us and they were in shock, especially because they didn’t know the guy.

A lot of drama happened, which is still very vague for me since it was such a trauma, I guess my mind wants to forget it. 

My dad got very angry at me and was like, “Who is this guy!”, I tried to explain it but how do you even explain this? “Yeah, this is my male friend, we were just running nude through the corn because why not!?”.

So yeah basically he had to grab his stuff and get out of here and I had to come home, it was very f*cking awkward.

We didn’t talk about this after it happened, and truly I hope we never will. This is truly the most embarrassing moment of my entire life.

Tl;dr

Me F19 and guy M19 stripped nude in cornfield, to get the public nudity rush, eventually got caught by parents when my dad spotted what he thought were kids in the cornfield ruining the corn. But at what cost you ask? Eternal shame.

I will answer questions in the comments, thanks for the read!"|LilyUnattainable|True|https://redd.it/ekxfqv|2|0.6|0|2|1|tifu
ekx6sh|2020-01-06 17:26:40|Tifu by scratching the hell out of my windshield.|"So I woke up about 20 min late for work this morning and was rushing to get out of the house. I used the bathroom, brushed my teeth and made my way downstairs to get my clothes out of the dryer. Turns out my little bro decided it would be nice to dump my whole load of laundry on the floor so he could dry his clothes. Nice. So I put on my wrinkled clothes and made some coffee and put my boots on, all of which took place in about 10 min. Now I live in the south so when I went outside and saw ice on my windshield it was quite a shock, I was pissed because I wouldn't have time to defrost the windshield, and began looking through my car to find something to scrape the ice off with. I was looking for something stiff but also soft enough to not scrape the windshield. That's when I found it, an aluminum soda can. Perfect. Aluminum is a soft metal, I thought, there is no way it would scratch the windshield. So I begin my quest, scraping with the bottom of the soda can because I figured the rounded edged would not have any chances of scratching my windshield. It was working great, I had about half the windshield clear when I noticed what looked like scratches on the windshield, underneath all the ice dust. Impossible, I thought. I immediately stopped scraping and investigated further, wiping the ice dust away to reveal what was indeed SEVERAL shallow scratches covering half my windshield. I sat down in defeat and sulked my way to work with my newly scratched windshield. 

TL:DR,  I used an empty root beer can to scrape the ice off my windshield this morning and left about half of my windshield covered in scratches.

Don't me like me, don't use a soda can to scrape ice of your windshields.

P.s. do you think this is something insurance might cover?  Or possible something I could buff out?"|Not-An_Engineer|False|https://redd.it/ekx6sh|2|1.0|0|5|1|tifu
ekfyxh|2020-01-05 17:26:31|TIFU by sending my mother in law a dick pic|"My wife and I are going to visit my in laws next weekend. They are lovely people and always buy us all the toiletries we need so that we don't have to worry about getting travel size bottles that are allowed on the airplane. My mother in law asks my wife to send her pictures of what we need and they will take care of everything for us.

I am in the bathroom pooping so my wife asks me to send her the pictures so that she can forward them along. As a funny joke I decide to snap a picture of the soap with my dick CLEARLY in the background. I assume my wife will see it and laugh.

Instead my wife doesn't look at the picture and immediately forwards it along to her mother. My mother in law gets said soap and dick pic. Instantly the person I least want to see my dick has seen it. We have to see them Friday.

TL;DR My wife forwarded a picture of my dick to her mother thinking it was a picture of toiletries."|superduperloser|True|https://redd.it/ekfyxh|158|0.94|0|25|1|tifu
ekln3i|2020-01-06 00:18:55|TIFU by eating one of my dad's weed muffins|"Obligatory this did not happen today, it happened last weekend. 

So last weekend my partner and I drove to Michigan from Chicago to celebrate Christmas with my family. I've got quite the blended family, so visits home typically involve quite a bit of driving from house to house. This time we stayed at my grandparents but had plans to celebrate Christmas with my dad on Saturday and my mom and stepdad on Sunday. 

Now, my dad lives about an hour and a half from my grandparents house. We scheduled dinner with my dad for early afternoon so my partner and I didn't have to rush back and keep my grandparents up waiting. So we get to my dad's house, and this is the first time he officially met my partner. Everything seemed to be going great to start, but I was struggling to be fully engaged because I pulled something in my back the day before. My dad remembered my back was sore, so he brought me and my partner to the kitchen to show us all the Christmas baked goods he had made, and pointed to a small plate of muffins. He said ""if your back is still bothering you, one if these should help! It's legal in Michigan now."" By ""it,"" he was referring to recreational marijuana. 

Now, a bit of context. I am 27 years old and I have maybe smoked or eaten weed a total of 5 or 6 times in my life, all which have been in the last couple of years. I have only been properly high once, and I figured it was because I made the mistake of having a couple of drinks before. My dad, on the other hand, has had his medical marijuana card for years. He suffers from chronic pain in his back and knees from when he got hit by a car when he was a kid as well as some other genetic issues. Where I smoke on special occasions, my dad smokes daily. However, he recently switched to oil based something or other so he can use it to bake or take it orally so he doesn't have to smoke it, hence the muffins. 

I knew all of this, of course, but didn't think to provide much context when I asked my dad the following question: ""How much is one dose? Like a quarter or half muffin?"" 

He told me a single dose was one muffin. I know at least some of you are already laughing. My partner, who watched me shove an entire weed muffin into my face, was not as entertained. He didn't mind at all about the weed, he was just shocked I trusted my dad on the dosage. 

Fast forward TWO WHOLE HOURS and my partner was right. I went from feeling just fine, my back felt amazing, everything was amazing to having my ""oh shit"" moment when I had to stand up. In that moment, gravity kicked in. I wasn't just high, I was fucking enlightened. And that shit was only getting started. 

Dinner felt like it took two hours (it didn't). I kept trying to pretend like I was fine, despite the fact that I kept dropping biscuits and the butter knife. Every bite felt like the most important bite of my life. My partner had never looked so sexy. This was the best Christmas with my dad in years. 

I asked my dad how much weed was in one muffin, and he just shrugged ""oh not that much, about 26 milligrams. Why, you feeling anything?"" Now, I don't know how much weed that is, but I knew I was fucked. We needed to be on the road and driving back to my grandparents in less than 3 hours, and I had a feeling I wouldn't be ready to drive by then. 

Turns out I got that bit right...Seven hours. It took nearly 7 HOURS for me to come down from that high. It was awful. I spent the first two or three hours bouncing between immense guilt, sincere apologies to my amused partner, and ab-building laughing fits like a god damned pinball in a Pink Floyd acid trip. My back felt amazing, but then I found myself on the bathroom floor begging the universe to let me stop projectile vomitting. 

Thankfully my partner was able to drive us back to my grandparents and I was able to pass the end of my high off as not feeling good. 

Tl;dr - Threw out my back, dad offered me Christmas weed muffins to help. Ended up high off my ass for 7 hours, puked all of Christmas dinner up, and had to convince my grandparents that I just felt a little sick"|pieces_840|False|https://redd.it/ekln3i|42|0.86|0|7|1|tifu
ekrcyo|2020-01-06 08:40:12|TIFU by playing a NSFW game with Bluetooth headphones|"Sorry for any formatting issues, I'm posting this on my phone.This happed a few minutes ago.

I'm at my parent's house for a couple of days and started playing the game in their living room. The game has some pretty loud cutscenes that are accompanied by some pretty sexual music.

Their living room has an outlet that I've been using to charge my headphones, along with the headphones of my sister who still lives with them.
I've been using my sister's headphones to play the game while mine charge up until they started to die. I put my sister's headphones to charge and removed my headphones.

It's been a couple of minutes and my sister walks into the living room, I'm feeling a little risky and keep playing the game despite her being so close to me. In the game, I've just gotten to a cutscene.
She takes her headphones and begins to use her Bluetooth headphones.

I guess because I had used her headphones my phone recognised that she had turned it on, and it disconnected my Bluetooth. Que loud moaning and sex music. My sister stared at me slack jawed as I tried to quickly lower the volume all the way down. I looked back at her and she just turned away and left.

I've seen her once since the incident and she doesn't even want to look at me.

TL;DR Felt a little horny and played a sex game on my phone. My sister used her headphones and disconnected my headphones somehow leading to her getting an earful of moaning and sexual music."|SetMyPhoneOnSilent|True|https://redd.it/ekrcyo|8|0.73|0|3|1|tifu
ekq7w3|2020-01-06 06:40:13|TIFU taking with my webcam after an online interview|"I had applied for a job and was sent a link to take a 50 question math and reasoning test. Well I guess I did okay as I an e-mail inviting me to do an online interview. I was told that at the end of my interview I would need to take the test again so they can see it was me that took it.
Well, the interview cruised along and then we concluded the interview with the interviewer stating “I sent you a link to take the test, please open it before I shut down” So I click it and it opens so I thank him and he shuts off his camera. I know this test is a timed test and im in a suit (yes i know that sounds like overkill but I was) and i start stripping clothes off at a frantic pace trying to get comfortable. I rock that test and then I realized, He closed HIS camera...MINE was still running!!!! 
Needless to say, as well as my interview went to the point that I was told how well I would fit in, I got the call “we’re gonna go another direction”.

TL;DR I stripped in front of my webcam after my job interview and realized my cam was still on. I missed out on the job."|AzoreanHammer|False|https://redd.it/ekq7w3|15|0.94|0|1|1|tifu
ekwior|2020-01-06 16:39:42|TIFU by letting a priest catch me beating it|"TIFU by making a series of dumb decisions at a church and permanently embarrassing myself to a priest

Ok so context. I(16m) sometimes go to this church and I also volunteer as a tutor in the connected building  but anyway, i forgot i was supposed to show up to volunteer so I got my mom to drop me a couple hours too early. ""No problem"" I thought ""I'll just wait in the church bcuz its cold outside."" So I get inside and there's a funeral going on. So instead of going to the funeral I decided I'd sit in the basement to wait. 

While there I feel my teenage urge to milk myself so I go to the bathroom. Apparently I was there for awhile and funeral ended so the priest of the church was going around closing up the church. He decided to go the the bathroom and this is where I'll mention the lock on the stall I was in was kinda fucked. So he walks in and opens the door to me sausage in right hand, phone in left with my man milk kinda everywhere. He quickly leaves but Im still jolted so I hurry up grab my stuff and start leaving when he has to walk me out cuz the door was locked. 

I then saw him a couple times during volunteering and I wanted to die. I dont wanna go back. Big sad

TL;DR: Priest caught me spilling my seed upon the Holy Ground of a Church's bathroom"|Rexlet15|False|https://redd.it/ekwior|2|0.75|0|4|1|tifu
ekw2wz|2020-01-06 16:06:55|TIFU by missing my flight cause of my phone|"Me and my gf live in different cities and we were on vacations together to thailand. We were flying back home from KL so one day before our flight we flew to KL and spent our night there.

We wake up in the morning, pack up our things and check out at 12 from the hotel, walk around a bit blah blah and finally we come back and make our way to the airport. Different flights, different times, I was leaving later than her so we say goodbye at the security and then I make my way to my terminal, very sad cause of our goodbye, not having the mood to do anything, I just drop my luggage 3 hours before the flight (or so I thought!!!) and make my way to the gate.

I am in the gate, my flight is in more than 2 hours so I walk 10m away from the gate to charge my phone. I am staying on my phone for like 1 hour and then I go back to the gate cause 1 hour earlier the gate was closed and I couldn't get to the gate hall. To my surprise EVERYONE is missing, I am thinking ""what happened? Gate changed? Please no no no"". I check my time, my flight is in 1 hour, I walk up at the gate and ask, I get some bad looks like I am a complete moron and they ask me what time is my flight, I tell them 23:15 and then they ask me what time is it. I tell them its 22:20 and they say no it's not.

I start begging them and saying ""no no no no"" as I realise that my freaking phone didn't change the timezone and I was still in thailand timezone even though my gps was showing the correct location and the weather was also showing KL. They tell me the plane left and they can't do anything. 

""This isn't me, I didn't miss my flight, I don't miss flights, I travel when I can, I worked in an airlines company last summer, I know these things"" are my thoughts as reality kicks in.

A business class pilot comes and has the same issue as me, time zone didn't change, we walk together to talk to the airlines (the pilot works for them as a pilot!!!) . He tells me that he is sure that they will get us in the next flight so my mindset changes. 

We finally go up there after waitting for 1 hour for luggage and for the counters to open and you know the drill. Nothing happens, I gotta pay 650 euros to go back home, the business class pilot had to buy a new ticket as well. Of course I refuse to pay that price but they tell me there is nothing they can do. 

I am standing at the airport, panicking and trying to not panick and think clearly. I look for a hotel, nothing, everything booked at the airport!!! 

Long story short I got a bus at 6am to singapore and I booked a 330 ticket to go back home. Currently at SG airport while writing this. 

This hurts me a lot in many ways, I am a student and my money for these trips are limited, I need every penny I can save to make these trips so I can see my gf at least for the upcoming months. I was already out of budget going there and now this happens. And to who did this happen? To me out of all the people, a former employee, travelled in intercontinental flights before, my pride is also hurt, I feel stupid but everyone I tell him I missed my flight also believes i am stupid. 

The question is how did my gf get her flight since our clocks were synchronized in the morning and noon? Apparently our clocks were right in the morning, there were other people checking out from the hotel at 12, we couldn't have a queue to check out at 1pm and also her flight got delayed for 1 hour and she was there for the delay. So what happened? Timezone o  my phone just decided to change? I still dont understand how this happened and haven't found a reasonable answer. 

PS: the gates in terminal 1 in KL are like a subway station, you can't see people in front of you, they are at your left or right so I couldn't see people moving for the flight since I was some meters away, isolated, charging my phone 

I will remember this forever in my life and it will hunt me down forever :(

Tldr: missed my flight cause of wrong timezone on my phone and I was right outside of the gate"|PirateKata|False|https://redd.it/ekw2wz|2|1.0|0|5|1|tifu
eknqoo|2020-01-06 03:00:37|TIFU by asking if my crush has seen Shrek Forever After while we were having a nice moment|"So I was at my best friend’s (who I also may or may not have feelings for) house this evening and we started discussing life.  We went to primary school together, but were never really in the same circles, so we just relayed what we thought about different people and how they turned out, which led to us reflecting on how *we* turned out.   This conversation got us talking about our regrets and hopes and general thoughts on our past and future.

Anyway, we just finished talking about regrets when he got up to use the bathroom.  At this point, I’m ecstatic that we’re having a deeper conversation than memes or TV, as I love hearing about his thoughts and feelings, and it was nice to talk about shared childhood memories from different perspectives.   Given this, I wanted to figure out a good way to keep the conversation going when he returned.  My genius brain told me to ask if there was one thing he could change about the past, what would it be?  Or what about, “what’s one day that you would want to change or take back?” 

*But wait*, I thought.  *That’s the plot to that Shrek movie.  Better preface it by saying he can’t take back the day he was born...  But what if he hasn’t even seen it?*


I’d just finished reaching this conclusion when he returned.  Things continued to go really well.  Now we’re cuddling, and then we’re hugging, and awwww he’s putting his head on my shoulder as we hug!!  (For reference, we’re touch starved teenagers).  Neither of us have said anything in awhile, and as I figured this hug was winding down, maybe we can get on with our deep conversation...

“Have you ever seen Shrek Forever After?” I ask in a soft voice, my lips right next to his ear, his head leaning on my shoulder.
“What??”




And thus ended our lovely hug, starring me, laughing nervously and embarrassed, and him, looking incredulous and confused.  



In all fairness, it quickly became a joke, but oh man, I need timing help.  Actually, I just need help.



**TL;DR** My crush and I were cuddling and I asked in a low-key flirty/intimate voice whether or not he’d seen Shrek Forever After in an attempt to have a deep conversation."|Octothorpe110|False|https://redd.it/eknqoo|21|0.92|0|15|1|tifu
ekqkl7|2020-01-06 07:15:21|TIFU for not asserting myself and ejaculating during a massage|"This really depressed me and I hate myself for not saying something earlier in the massage and I feel more tense and worse than before the massage.

The place looked reputable and had good reviews. At first the massage was good. He found and worked out a lot of knots in my back and shoulders but then during the massage the man was massaging the inside of my thighs and his hands were at some point on my genitals or between the fold of my genitals and thigh.

I felt uncomfortable with it but I figured he was just doing his job. Plus I didn't find it arousing or stimulating at all (I'm hetrosexual) so I just went with it thinking that maybe it was just normal to reach those areas of the groin. I couldn't see what he was doing as there was a towel over my eyes.

Then out of nowhere I could feel blood flow down there then that feeling of near ejaculation as I said to him not so close to my groin. I thought it was a near miss as I didn't orgasm or have the normal muscle contractions of ejaculation but then the masseuse got a small towel and offered to clear up the dampness that I hadn't noticed.

After that I was (and still am) so ashamed of myself. I left the place feeling depressed and hating myself and I still do for not saying something and asserting myself when I felt he had crossed a boundary earlier. I often have issues with asserting myself and I hate myself for repeatedly making that mistake. This is a new low even for me.

Excuse me while I drown in my sorrows.

TL:DR masseuse got too close to my genitals because I didn't say anything or know any better even though I wasn't comfortable with it and out of nowhere I ejaculated and I feel so ashamed for not saying something earlier."|Upset-Onion|False|https://redd.it/ekqkl7|9|0.76|0|6|1|tifu
ekvg3c|2020-01-06 15:18:36|TIFU by almost accidently cutting my achilles tendon and possibly never walking again|"Sorry for my english im from Finland
 This is not a TIFU because it happened when i was 10 but it was a fuckup tho so im gonna post it on here. Anyways my Mother my dog and me were in lapland with a trailer in a very remote place where basically nobody was nearby. We were there for the nature. Anyways the stupid 10 year old i was i decided to get naked and run around the nature since my mom was walking with the dog it wasnt that big of a deal. I ran around screaming enjoying the beatiful view. At some point i got tired and decided to go to sleep here is where the fuckup really happens. So i went to sleep because it was the evening and i could change into my sleep pyjama it was dark and i had to go up the little ladder above the seats into the sleeping room space. I decided to jump around on the ladder the ladder had broken many times before and this time it happened because i was fucking jumping on it. The wooden part had been screwed on the ladder so when it broke it exposed the screw and i hit my leg on the screw scraping it down. At this point i was yelling for my mom and thank god it didnt hit my achilles tendon because there was no hospital nearby. I just ignored it and still have a scar there with no problems. 

TLDR: Went to lapland with no people nearby got naked and broke a ladder exposing a screw which Also cut my achilles tendon."|JuhiSi|False|https://redd.it/ekvg3c|1|0.67|0|0|1|tifu
ekjpoh|2020-01-05 22:00:49|TIFU by “coming out” to my grandparents|"Disclaimer, this happened a couple of weeks before Christmas, right before I had to see them. Sorry for formatting.

So basically, I’m a teen, and teens do some really goddamn stupid things. Among these, as part of my holidays I started texting a few of my close friends before I went to bed. And what did I text, but “give the homie a kiss goodnight”.

You can probably see what’s going on here. Obviously, this is a popular meme but my grandparents barely understand Facebook let alone memes. So I’m going about my business before bed, sending all the boys my kiss goodnight message and go to sleep. When I wake up, I had about 15 texts from my grandma.

Some backstory. We have had only one case of lgbt stuff in the family, which was my cousin, who had a lesbian partner. My grandma wasn’t too happy.

So when I wake up with my phone blown up I’m wondering what it is. However, as the lines “3Limbs ARE YOU REALLY A GAY?” to “THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE” appear I realise my FU. I had no idea what to do, and just left it.

Christmas was awkward AF. She was ok, but I caught her glaring at me a lot and there seemed to be whispers about me.

TLDR; texted my grandma that I “kiss the homie goodnight” before Christmas and it made everything awkward af"|3Limbs|False|https://redd.it/ekjpoh|42|0.83|0|21|1|tifu
ekjq0n|2020-01-05 22:01:29|TIFU by accidentally locking up me and my girlfriend in a tiny dark cupboard for two hours|"So, obligatory this did not happen today, but actually four years ago.

Me (23M) and my girlfriend (20F) have been dating for four years and a half now, so this *incident* occured when we were dating for just a few months. So we were pretty young by then, I was 19 and she was 16.

We live in the southern hemisphere, so the school year goes from March to December. This was in March, so summer hadn't ended yet and school had just begun. I had graduated from high school the year before and my GF went right into junior year.

Okay, so that day I picked her up from school and we went directly to her house. We were going to take a shower and then buy tickets to the theatre. The house was empty since her father wasn't in the country, thus we didn't have to worry about showering together, so we went to the bathroom and undressed whilst preparing the shower. The bathroom is pretty nice, since it has an exhaust bath fan to vacuum up humidity, which is nice but also quite loud, and that is fairly relevant to the story.

We were getting done with the setup, so GF went into the wall cupboard in order to retrieve some towels. And I, being the horny teenager I was, had the wonderful idea of sneaking inside with her, hugging her and closing the cupboard door. We were almost completely naked by then, and I just wanted to make out a little in the darkness, then go shower. We did it for a few seconds, yeah, pretty original and funny, nothing cheesy at all of course. And then we found out there was no doorknob from the inside, and the door was locked.

Context: the (hot) water was running, the loud as hell exhaust fan was on, we were naked and sweaty and without our cellphones, the house was empty until Saturday (this happened on a Wednesday), and we were trapped in a completely dark cupboard of, at best, fifteen square feet, in a bathroom in one of the highest floors of a 20-story tall building. Take a wild guess if we were fucked or not.

Of course we panicked at first, and tried slamming the door (which had a FUCKING IRON LOCK) until we acknowledged it was a useless effort. We tried to scream, but due to the loud water running and the airflow thing, nobody would have heard a thing. And definitely waiting until Saturday for her dad to find us naked and most likely completely dehydrated was NOT an option.

Luckily, we didn't really argue about it, or whose fault it was (definitely mine), and instead focused on teamwork to just throw the door down. Turns out the cupboard was full of hangers, so I came up with the idea of tearing the hooks off and forcing the door open by shoveling them through the tiny gaps. Took us two hours but finally the wood had weakened enough for me to kick it wide open (and send the lock flying away in the air). We obviously missed the theatre and just wanted to drink water, shower and rest.

This could've either completely destroyed or utterly stengthened our relationship depending on how it turned out. It turned out well and we've been together since and plan to marry each other. Her dad never found out. And although we've been way past this incident already, sometimes we remember how close we could've been to dying and in such a stupid way and freak out.

Thanks for reading.

TL;DR: I accidentally trapped me and my girlfriend in an extremely hot cupboard while home alone and took us two hours and 50 broken hangers to come out in order to avoid dehydrating to death."|biscuit-conger|False|https://redd.it/ekjq0n|39|0.85|0|14|1|tifu
ek173m|2020-01-04 19:32:28|TIFU by using toothpaste as lube|"I was given inspiration to share my story after reading another other toothpaste TIFU: [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ejt9o7/tifu\_by\_putting\_toothpaste\_on\_my\_dick\_and\_sending/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ejt9o7/tifu_by_putting_toothpaste_on_my_dick_and_sending/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)

&#x200B;

Many years ago when I was 15 or so I went through a period of ""sexual exploration"" (like most 15 year old boys)

Being not that sexually experienced at the time I was curious what was most similar to a vagina that I could DIY (Fleshight was too expensive)

I googled how to make a DIY vagina, and learnt about making a prison fifi using socks and a toilet roll tube. I made it and found out after a few painful thrusts that you need to use lube.  Not having any lube or hand lotion I scoured my parents house with things to use

&#x200B;

DIY lubes I tried:

* Shampoo
* Conditioner
* Someone else's shampoo
* Shaving gel

&#x200B;

I fucked my fifi many many times, wedged in between the mattress, put into a pillow and at this point it had been fucked to death and I threw it in the bin but I persevered in my noble quest to find household lubes

A few days later I was in the shower and started jacking it caveman style with just my hand, using some shampoo as lube - but the thought occurred to me: ""tingle"" condoms are slightly minty....

&#x200B;

This is where I fucked up

&#x200B;

I hastily put down the bottle of shampoo and picked up some toothpaste, and squirted a slug sized amount onto my battered dick

I started stroking my cock in excitement - it felt good, kind of minty.  This particular time in the shower, I was without my phone - so I wasn't watching porn and it was taking longer than normal

I continued for a few more minutes and there was a creeping sensation of pain (like friction burn) - so I thought it just means I need more toothpaste lube

Another toothpaste slug is excreted onto my abused cock and I continued to jerk it.  I got closer and closer to finishing but as I did the feeling of burning and pain also increased.  I pumped my dick harder and faster to try and finish quicker.  After what felt like a long battle of pain and edging I finally got there - but the pain remained

I washed everything off in the shower and continued on with my life, left with just a dull pain on my cock.  I thought this is just because I've jerked my dick too much

&#x200B;

The next day I woke up and the pain was still there, but more so.  Now it wasn't just a dull pain but also a stinging type of pain.  It hurt when I moved my legs.  I sat down on my computer chair next to my PC and I tried to not move my legs

Later that day when I went to use the toilet, when I took down my trousers I saw some discolouration to my dick, I had a look and all the skin was red and raw, with some parts of the skin beginning to scab

Not good

&#x200B;

The next day the scabbing was more widespread, all over my dick and a little on the surrounding areas.  The pain was really really bad, it was really hard to walk and keep a straight face.  It's really hard to talk to my parents during normal conversation because all I can think about is the pain

I came very close to telling my super strict, super religious parents because I was worried I had done permanent damage, or maybe that there was still damage occurring and going to the doctors might help

&#x200B;

I forget after how many days the pain reduced, but it did - and shortly after my mummified looking penis (because it was just a scab all over) started to emerge from it's cocoon, and the scabs came off.  My dick was left with new soft skin and I've learnt to never use toothpaste as lube again

&#x200B;

TLDR;

Used toothpaste as lube

Penis got chemical burns

Was worried I had to confess to family

Penis got better

Learnt life lesson"|dicktastrophe|True|https://redd.it/ek173m|8600|0.88|1|428|1|tifu
ekwmkf|2020-01-06 16:47:18|TIFU by not shooting straight|"I went hunting for the first time in 2016. I was pretty excited, as a twentysomething, to pick up a new hobby, which would help me get closer to my in-laws. On the first day of rifle season, I was out, sitting in a stand with my father-in-law. Around 3:30pm, a big buck walks out about 100 yards from me. My heart was racing, and I kind of froze, so my father-in-law gave me some gentle encouragement (""SHOOT HIM! SHOOT!"" in the strongest whisper you can imagine). I did as I was told, and he started running. ""Great shot - I'm sure he's going to go down, so let's give him some time and then start tracking.""

Great! I had no idea what I was doing, so I was glad I had someone who did. We gave him fifteen minutes, as we packed up our stuff, and then we started tracking. Now, when you track a deer, you need to be quiet and careful - it may lay down to die, but if it sees something that scares it, then a jolt of adrenaline will kick in, and it will bolt away. Contrary to public opinion, hunters generally respect wildlife and don't want an animal to suffer, and we are very thankful when we are able to harvest an animal to feed our families, so a jolt of adrenaline followed by a wounded deer running is the last thing we want.

We were not quiet or careful enough, because after about five minutes, we saw the deer jump up and run away, out of sight before we could get the right shot. We kept tracking, deeper and deeper into the woods. Every ten feet or so, we found a drop of blood, which meant we were still on the right track.

This is the time to tell you that I am *not* an outdoorsman. I grew up in a city, and the first time I went to this hunting camp, I was told that we had to walk through the forest to get to a trail. We walked and walked before I finally asked when we'd get to the trail. ""You're on it..."" I was expecting a paved road with street lights... I was wrong. We had no cell phone service since we were in the sparsely-populated mountains of northern Pennsylvania, and all I had was a compass, which was meaningless when everything around you looks exactly the same and when you don't know which way the nearest trail is. Oh, and when it is also pitch dark out and you just have a headlamp that illuminates about 10 feet in front of you.

After three hours of tracking, we realized it was not meant to be, so we decided to head home. My father-in-law, who has hunted for 50 years, and my brother-in-law, who has hunted for 25 years, were with me, and we decided to take the path of least resistance to get back to where we wanted to be. I'm just following along. We walk for about a half hour before we realize that we had gone the wrong way, so we turn around and start walking a different direction. Ten minutes later and we realize that was also the wrong direction. We were lost (""turned around"", as my in-laws call it). 

We were fresh out of water and had no food left; it was dark and getting cold. I, the city boy, am getting nervous and start wondering aloud whether we should try to find one of the spots that has cell phone service and call for help; my in-laws laughed at the idea because, apparently, the police a) can't find you and b) would, if they could find you, charge you an arm and a leg for being dumb and getting lost. I'm getting increasingly worried, while they are thinking about implements to use to start a fire and create a rudimentary shelter.

Finally, I remember them telling me that, whenever you are turned around, head west and you will eventually find a road. We decide to head west, which leads us promptly to a 55 degree angle of a hill. We climb 450 feet up this mountain (so says my father-in-law's fitness tracker) and get to a plateau, where my brother-in-law decides is a good place to make camp for the night, when, miraculously, my father-in-law spots a trail (to me, it looked like, well, nothing, but it was apparently plain as day to him). We had apparently been walking in circles the whole time because it was only 45 minutes to get back to our cabin - about ten minutes longer than it would've been had we not gotten lost in the first place.

We made it back, ravenously hungry/thirsty, with terrible blisters on my feet (was just the third time I wore my hunting boots...my feet were not made for this), and with nothing to show for it. 

Tl;dr Shot my first buck, but didn't shoot straight; got lost in the woods and almost had a nervous breakdown; eventually made it back to camp, with minor injuries to body and severe injury to pride."|cjw_5110|False|https://redd.it/ekwmkf|0|0.5|0|10|1|tifu
ekg8av|2020-01-05 17:44:41|TIFU by Naruto running into a bus full of wrestlers|"Alright reddit, I think I've seen enough reddit posts/rslash to understand how reddit works, so here I am to share one of my many embarrassing mistakes.  This one just happened yesterday, and I still can't believe that I was as spastic as I was to do this in the first place.  I keep feeling worse about it as I write it all out.

For some background, I'm still in high school, and I'm on the school's swim team.  We had a swim meet that day and we had to be to the school by 6:15am.  My sister also had to be to the school for her sports, but not until 7am.  She needed the car so she wouldn't have to wait until then, so she had to come with me so she could have it.  Of course, that meant that I was five minutes late to the bus as my friends were spam-calling me, asking where I was.

Once I get to the school, I see two buses, one looking empty and the other looking full.  Since I was late, I figured that the full bus was my team's bus, and the empty one was my sister's 7:00 bus just chilling in the parking lot.  

Cue the FU...

Being the over-dramatic, spontaneous person that I am, I quickly ran over to the bus.  But it wasn't just any run, dear reddit... I cocked my arms back, wound up, and made a full-on Naruto sprint all the way into the bus.  I get up the stairs, at this point definitely making my presence apparent, and I make eye contact with a face I didn't recognize.  Then I look up... and that's when I realized that I had just Naruto ran into a bus packed with wrestlers.  

I just stood there for what felt like an eternity (probably no longer than 5 seconds), hoping that they would at least think it was funny that I just did what I did. 

Nope.  Dead. Silence.

None of them snickered even a little bit.  I just got cold, deathly glares of pure disappointment from everyone.  It was as if they had just witnessed me ruin their whole day with such a simple mistake.  It was as if they had rather have me move to Siberia than be associated with me in the same country.  Needless to say that I was exceedingly uncomfortable.

Then, in a last attempt to turn the whole situation into a funny little mistake, I just say ""Whoops! Wrong bus, my bad!""  as I start to step off the bus.  Still nothing.  Just glares.  The bus driver even sounded annoyed with me for dramatically stepping onto the bus in the first place.

I then just slowly walk over to the other bus (sure enough that's where they were), reminiscing over the fact that yes, I just did that.  Of course my friends on the bus saw the whole thing go down and they thought it was just hilarious.

Welp, at least someone thought it was funny.

TL;DR I Naruto ran onto a bus full of grumpy wrestlers; I only got glares of sheer disappointment."|Avg_White_Guy01|False|https://redd.it/ekg8av|44|0.84|0|6|1|tifu
ek8i9t|2020-01-05 05:11:33|Tifu by almost freezing up a mountain with my gf|"So this happened yesterday. The weather looked nice out so I wanted to go for a hike 3rd one this week up a local mountain no problem for me. My gf wants to come with me she had done ok on other hikes recently so I thought she could handle it. Take lots of breaks go at a slow pace get to the top and she tells me she can't go any father. We still needed to get down. Start our way down the hard part near the top get back to the easy walking and have a straight shot to a road but it's 10km down hill or 2km down the steep way to the car. She can't walk at this point and wouldn't let me try to carry her in the snow because it was slick. Called search and rescue they told us 40 minutes. 2 and half hours later they had a truck to the highest point they could get it too where we had stayed together to avoid freezing completely. Gf was very sorry she didn't tell me to turn around sooner I was sorry i brought her up and didn't notice she was hitting the wall. Search and rescue guys and girls were very nice and gave her warm dry clothing to borrow until we got home drove us back to my car and texted us to make sure we got home safe. 
They even refused when I offered to bring them donuts back with their clothes they let my gf borrow 
Tldr: Hiked with my gf until she collapsed in the snow and had to call for help."|Tvaneijk|False|https://redd.it/ek8i9t|446|0.97|0|27|1|tifu
eknkud|2020-01-06 02:47:32|TIFU by putting my moms keys on top of her car|"As you can tell by the title. I drive with my mom. (I'm 14) TL;DR at the bottom

Every Sunday afternoon, I go to church. Today my nephew stayed at my house in between churches. My mom gave me the keys, so I could go to the car (Cadillac) with my nephew.

This is where the FU begins. 

After I unlocked my moms car I put the keys on top of the car, and sat in the car. I usually leave her keys on top of the car because the front driver's door only opens with the key (the door is broken)

As we drive away, we here something slide off the roof, and we are almost at the highway, my mom asked me where the keys are. My heart sank. I told her I left them on top of the car, and oh boy, was she mad. I was scared for my life, this car cost $40,000, and they key itself cost $600.

We did a u-turn and I was looking all around the road (thankfully, it was in a small neighborhood, so there weren't a lot of cars) I was looking everywhere. I was crying at this point, because it was all my fault. My mom was worried that it could've went down a drain. I looked up and down the street for half an hour

When I was finally going to lose hope, and call the cops to help. I shined my phone's flashlight at the bottom of the driver's window. And there they were, both the keys and the remote, stuck in between the window and the hood. I screamed in relief. I gave my mom the keys. She was still kinda mad at me. But I was so relieved.

Thankfully, we still made it to church.

TL;DR
I badly placed my mom's keys, causing them to fall off while we were driving."|RussianPredator7778|False|https://redd.it/eknkud|8|0.81|0|6|1|tifu
ekuin3|2020-01-06 14:02:05|TIFU by buying a keychain.|"Obligatory backstory; my husband and I are temporarily housing a good friend and former co-worker of ours. She is a trans woman who got evicted from her old home because her previous landlord was massively transphobic and wouldn’t let her wait two extra days for one of her work paycheques to come in because he wanted to look for the slightest opportunity to kick her out. Her parents disowned her and she didn’t have anywhere else to stay. Obviously my husband and I couldn’t let her live on the streets so we took her in. We’ll call her Em.
Em is a massive fan of the Dragon Ball franchise. It’s been one of her favourite things ever for almost her entire life. Up until last month, I hated Dragon Ball and thought it was overrated. During Christmas, she showed me a new game she bought on the Nintendo Switch I got her for a Christmas present — Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, which had character customization. Character customization is a huge selling point for me in video games because anyone who knows me knows that I absolutely love making my own characters. So I buckled and got the game for myself on my own Switch. I ended up loving it and I’ve been having a hard time putting it down.
So Em gradually started to talk more about Dragon Ball to increase my interest. It worked because now I’ve watched two movies, started watching a season of the anime, and I have two figurines of my favourite character — a character I previously used to hate. I officially started becoming a Dragon Ball fan and was overall glad I gave it a chance.
The following literally happened yesterday.
Em and I decided to have a girls’ day out at the mall because we both wanted to get out of the apartment and do something fun. We settled on heading to our local mall and seeing the new Star Wars because she hadn’t seen it at that point and I just simply wanted to rewatch it because I enjoyed it the first time I saw it with my husband. The two of us headed to the mall an hour before our movie started, and walked into the Canadian equivalent of GameStop to look at nerd stuff because, well... we evidently hate our wallets.
I ended up buying the previously mentioned second figurine of my favourite character and a keychain that resembled a famous item from the anime. After I bought the keychain, Em got a little jealous and asked if they had any extra ones in stock. I asked the staff and they said that was their last one, but they have a new shipment coming in next week which should have more of the keychain I bought. I thought that information would satisfy my friend and she would be okay with waiting one more week, but she just got saltier and actually said out loud — “fine, it’s not like I literally got you into the franchise”.
I didn’t think much of it at first, so we just exited the store and began to walk over to the movie theatres to get our tickets. I noticed Em was completely silent and ignored a couple of random questions I had asked her (about looking forward to seeing the movie). Before getting our tickets, I stopped in the lobby of the theatres and calmly confronted Em, asking her what was going on and why she was acting cold towards me. She told me that she was jealous of me getting the keychain and thought she deserved it more than I did because “she’s been a fan for much longer than me” and that she “literally got me interested in Dragon Ball in the first place” — which is true, she is the reason why I became a fan of Dragon Ball, but is that seriously a reason to start gatekeeping? Over a small keychain, no less?
I got a little angry and told her on the spot that if she kept up the salty attitude and was going to act that way throughout the movie, we would be skipping the movie and going straight home. She reluctantly agreed and we ended up seeing the movie.

She’s still salty and is planning on ordering one of the keychains for herself from Amazon.


TL;DR: I bought a keychain that resembled an item from an anime that my friend loves and got me interested in. She got salty and thought she deserved it more than me."|RhiShadows|False|https://redd.it/ekuin3|0|0.43|0|14|1|tifu
ekmsjt|2020-01-06 01:45:51|Tifu melting a premade pizza|"This happened a number of years ago, but basically:

One of my best buddies and I hung out a lot early in highschool. We essentially had a running thing where our parents always supplied hot dogs and veggie trays for lunch. One day at his house we were alone, and wanted to mix it up to be more independent. So of course we thought the easiest steps to becoming independent in the kitchen was one of those ready made, 'delicio' pizzas or whatever they were called. All you gotta do was throw it in the oven. Or so we thought...

So we pull the pizza out of the cardboard, stuck it on a metal pan, and slapped it in the oven. We cranked the heat up and let that sucker do it's thing. 

After like, 20 min, the house started to stink like toxic chemicals, and this weird, white hazy smog tainted the air. It wasn't like a cloud, more evenly distributed and just made all the colours in the room just look faded. We debated whether or not there was something weird happening, then heard a loud bang from the oven.

We rushed over, opened it up, and discovered the pan warped (permanently). On top of that, the pizza was spilling over, and we had forgotten to remove the plastic on the actual pizza, which had now melted into it.

This is the part I remember the least, but I believe at that point we tried removing as much of the plastic as possible, finished cooking it, and then tried to eat it out of pride. We were in our early teens when egos were very inflated.

I now live with this guy, and when we were discussing with our parents our ability to care for ourselves this story came up. Somehow it wasn't a red flag. 


TL;dr: We oven cooked a premade pizza, left the plastic on which melted, and warped the pan. Still ate it. Ignored the this redflag and eventually became roommates."|5_Prime|False|https://redd.it/ekmsjt|9|0.84|0|1|1|tifu
ekgeaf|2020-01-05 17:56:20|TIFU by falling in love with a virtual character|"Obligatory this happened a few days ago and not today.

If you thought your life was pathetic or sad, then hold my fucking beer and strap in for this one. And I promise you, this is sadly absolutely real.

Let me start off by at least trying to explain something: I'm a guy in his late 20's who has never seen any form of romantic relationship. So naturally, I'm feeling quite lonely most of the time. I also have quite a high libido, so I do *the thing* often enough that I want to change things up now and then.

This is when my brilliant fuck-up started. I was looking for some interesting/alternative things to ""do"". I remember there are such things as ""adult games"", and after doing a quick Google here and there, I came across a game that seemed interesting enough to *spend my time on*.

Expecting not much, and coming for not much more than the actual ""adult"" content in this game, I was surprised when it actually had a pretty decent story. It could have been, outside of the adult aspects, a story from an actual book or film. My fuckup specifically is about the part where one of your female friends starts making romantic advances towards your character. Ending with a happy-ever-after where you fall in love, and go live together etc, etc.

Now here's the crux of the story. Firstly, I get quite invested in any kind of movie/series or story otherwise and have quite the vivid imagination. Secondly, and probably the most important bit here: This ""female friend"" character looks a whole lot like a female friend I had many years ago and had a crush on for a very long time. Naturally bringing back memories and feelings of back then, and reminding me how lonely I am.

After playing through this game, which was many hours in total, part of my brain is now totally convinced I'm together with someone called ""Amanda"" only to be reminded how lonely I feel.

You may now commence roasting the living daylight out of me about the sad existence that is ""my life""

TL;DR Played an adult game where a character looks a lot like a girl I had a crush on for a long time. Reminding me of my loneliness and things I long for."|odd_lonely_person|True|https://redd.it/ekgeaf|38|0.83|0|16|1|tifu
ekhvmb|2020-01-05 19:40:32|TIFU by telling my friend I liked her|"TL;DR at the bottom:

Before we get started, I am a dumbass when it comes to asking girls out because of my social awkwardness, this has costed me friendships before. Anyway, onto the story.

Anyway, Amy (Not her real friend) and I have been friends since Freshman year of high school. We have shared our crushes with each other, personal life details, it seemed like it wasn't gonna go anywhere. Until now.

Since I am on mobile and short on time, I'm going to keep this short and sweet. Throughout the friendship, she keeps tagging me in memes on Instagram with strong sexual undertones over the past two years, so I thought she wanted to be something more than friends.

She has added me into a chat, where, several memes later, talked about wanting to lose her V card, specifically to someone close. I don't know why, but I noticed I had some feelings and decided to tell her how I felt. She seemed to understand, but I could tell it made her uncomfortable. Things were weird for the past two days. Then I decided to tell her how to screenshot snaps discreetly, then screenshot one of her snaps which I meant to show her that it worked. It didn't. She told me to stop screenshoting her stuff, removed me from a chat, and sent a post showing a guy holding up a sign that said ""PLEASE STOP"". I really think there is no going back, or salvaging that friendship. 

TL:DR; Told a friend I liked her, 90% chance I irreparably ruined a good friendship.

EDIT: For the stuff she tagged me in, I couldn't tell if she was serious or if she was joking. She said she was, but some of the memes she sent me, ehhh idk. Either way, I am a true dumbass."|moist-packingpeanutz|False|https://redd.it/ekhvmb|22|0.88|0|13|1|tifu
ekralo|2020-01-06 08:33:21|TIFU by eating 7 cans of beans in 3 days|"To clarify this is today i am writing this in bed with gastric pains 

So i haven't had time to go to the store and get food so I have been making meals our of water ever was available beans, gross noodles, vintage cheddar cheese so first day i had beans and noodles and then later on for dinner just eating the beans cold from the can (im lazy sue me) the next day I'm equally lazy and add a little cheese to it eat them cold from a can but today i decided to get spicy with it and heat it up with a shit ton of vintage cheddar and some parmesan i had in the back of my cupboard poir in a lot of cheese eat it and think wow that's good and a few hours go by and im feel ill like cold shivery and my stomach hurts and i barely make it to the bathroom 30 minutes goes by the same thing happens over and over until its just gas and pain then i remember i have an appointment with a eye doctor for glasses and now i can't go 


TL: DR i ate 7 cans of beans and started uncontrollably shitting"|Philip_deaux|False|https://redd.it/ekralo|2|0.75|0|5|1|tifu
ekicuf|2020-01-05 20:13:07|TIFU: Confronting handicap faker|"I pulled into a grocery store parking lot and saw a guy about 30ish speed into a handicap space in a new Cadillac. It was an odd sight for the discount Save-A-Lot grocery store, and he left the windows down with loud obnoxious (mostly swearing) music blaring as he took off quickly into the store- car still running. The parking lot was mostly empty, there were plenty of great places to park. There was no handicap plate on the car, no hanger on the mirror.

Uncharacteristically, I became filled with righteous outrage.  I've had to drive my wife's grandmother to many places over the years only to see parking spots similarly taken up in truly busy lots making it harder for us due to her limited mobility.

I stormed into the store and saw the offender after a moment waiting in line. I mentioned he forgot to shut his car off and he smiled and replied with a thank you, but stated he often left it running (low crime area). At this point, I snarled out ""You look like you walk damned fine to me!""

He pulled his foot out of his shoe and showed it to me. While this guy appeared to move just fine, his foot was gnarled, mangled, and rotten looking enough that I don't know how. It was a no harm no foul situation in his eyes and we both laughed as he took it in good humor. I'd only needed one thing myself so we stood in line and chatted awkwardly a moment. Oops.

TL:DR I confronted a person using a handicap parking space with no tags or plates and who was moving as fast as any able person. I found out his foot was mauled despite this, but we shared a laugh without a horrible consequence."|Morduru|False|https://redd.it/ekicuf|18|0.96|0|10|1|tifu
ekfjq8|2020-01-05 16:56:39|Tifu by sending an email from the wrong account.|"This happened Friday.

Backstory: I do some adult videos on the side for a little extra money. Nothing crazy but definitely NSFW.  I have several different sites I use for my SW as well as alternatives accounts for my day jobs. Like I have two yahoo’s, Instagrams, Facebook etc....except for my Dropbox. My Dropbox is for SW exclusively. 
Fuck up coming:
I’ve been applying for day jobs here and there to get myself into a better financial situation. I don’t want to rely on my SW as it can be draining and well, a lot of work with no immediate pay off. 
My friend tells me about a job posting with her company. (She doesn’t know about my SW)
They wanted me to submit my resume via Dropbox. I was like cool! I have an account already set up. I moved my resume over and hit send. Didn’t think about it again until today when I got an email from Dropbox, [my SW name] would like you to check out her resume. 
Well FUCK. I’m usually so careful!
I tell my husband what happened. He’s laughing so hard right now. He said maybe the link won’t work and my SW name won’t show up. 
I am betting I won’t hear from them. 😫😑


TL; DR: I do sex work on the side and ended up sending a potential really good day job my resume from my adult account."|HungarianGypsy|True|https://redd.it/ekfjq8|36|0.9|0|22|1|tifu
ekitno|2020-01-05 20:45:22|TIFU by kicking my luggage on a trip to Korea|"Obligatory didn't happen today, this was 2 years ago.

So, back in 2018 I got asked to fly out to Korea for a little over a month to help out with one of our joint military exercises there.  It ended up being a great trip.  Awesome food, easy work (covering night-shift for a couple civilians), actually allowed off base to drink unlike the army guys, etc.  Had a fun time, and made some local friends.

Anyway, I got to the end of the exercise and it was time to head home.  I was looking forward to it because I would be flying back in to Seattle to see my wife for a couple of days before driving back to my duty station.  Unfortunately, it was gonna be a long trip.  I was working in Daegu for the exercise, but hadn't gotten a flight in/out of there.  I had to catch the high-speed train up to Seoul to get to my flight.  About a 3-hour train ride iirc, followed by something like a 12 hour flight.

An extra wrinkle to this is the shear amount of crap I had to drag with me.  For the uninitiated, military going on a work trip to Korea usually have to bring ""mobility bags"" with them.  One has your body-armor, helmet, etc and the other has your MOPP gear (anti-chemical warfare suit) and gas mask.  On top of that, since it was a 6-week trip with limited access to laundry and we were living in open barracks with bunks and no bedding, I had even more junk to haul.  A full bag of civilian clothing and blankets (both for sleeping in and for privacy, the only way you're getting any sleep as the only night-shifter in the barracks is with heavy blankets draped over your whole bunk), and another bag full of my uniforms and cold/wet weather gear (late winter/early spring in Korea needs both)

All in all, I had 4 rolling duffels 75-100lbs each, and a backpack full of electronics that clocked in at about 50 lbs.  A hell of a lot to carry, but manageable with carts.

Things started well.  Everyone else had left the day prior while I'd opted to stay until the next morning to get one last night on the town and a decent morning's sleep.  I packed up while hungover, dragged my bags out to the road, and called a cab.  The cabbie got me to the train station with about 90min to wait for my train.  The driver was even nice enough to help me get my bags into the station (Korean cab drivers are the best.  Super nice, as long as you aren't on the road with them).

Safely at the station, I found a spot to wait at, set my bags there, and grabbed a quick chicken sandwich and some ibuprofen to settle my hangover.  Happy with my meal, I settled in to wait for my train.

As time progresses, I'm getting a little annoyed.  It was only about a half hour before my train would depart, and I still couldn't see the info on the board.  I knew what to be looking for, but it just wasn't there.  What I quickly realized was that there were SO MANY trains departing around the same time, that there wasn't enough room on  the board to see my train. Worried, I hauled all my gear to the branching point for the different platforms to watch the board there.  I had no idea which platform the train would be on, so it was the best I could think of.  This is probably a good time to mention that the station didn't have any baggage carts.  Moving my stuff around meant grabbing two bags, dragging them 20' forward, then going back to get the other two.

Finally, with about 15min to get to the train, it pops up.  I haul ass to the elevator and get down to the platform.  The train has just pulled up and I look to my ticked to see where to board.  To my dismay, the elevator put me at the back of the train and my car was at the very front, easily 200' away in a packed platform.

I gat a spark of hope when I spot a warehouse cart nearby.  I rush over to grab it, seeing it as my best chance for getting to the train.

Immediately, an old Korean worker starts yelling at me in  Hangul, so I give up on the cart.  Apparently it was strictly for moving packages around.  So, frantically, I start leapfrogging my bags as fast as I can while a platform of locals pointedly try not to stare.

I finally get my first two bags to the train and run back to grab the others... when the doors close.

It shouldn't have been a big deal.  There was another train in a couple of hours, and I'd just have to crash at a hotel in Seoul for the night.  It's an easy fix, just a quick call to my travel office and I'd be good to go.  My dumbass however, has a long history of anger issues.  They'd been pretty much entirety resolved from joining the military, I'd learned a lot of impulse control and hadn't lost my temper in years.

So, between the hangover, exhaustion, and the strain of hauling 3x my weight in bullshit through the terminal, I lost control.  It was only for a second.  An instant flash of rage as I screamed ""FUCK!"" and whipped around to vent my fury on the source of my delay: my baggage.

This venting took the form of a full-force kick.

Toe first.

In tennis shoes.

Directly into the hardest part of my bags:

My Kevlar helmet.



I honestly couldn't even feel it at first.  I could tell that I'd done some damage, but was too keyed up on the adrenaline for it to hit me.  In a minor daze, I looked around to realize what I looked like.  This frantic, sweating American in cargo pants and a leather biker jacket, with a buzz cut, twice the size of anyone around, had just randomly lost his shit in the middle of the platform.  I must've looked like a crazy person.

To my embarrassment, I then turned back to the train to see a button on the side: Two arrows pointing away from each other with a vertical line down the middle.  The universal symbol for ""open doors"", just like in any elevator in the world.

Sheepishly, I hit the button and the doors immediately slide open.  Now the the adrenaline is wearing off, I can feel the pain resisting up my leg, slowly.  I hobble back to my bags and slide them up, on to the train.  There, a nice old man helped haul them up and I collapsed onto them just as the train started to move.  Safely on my way, I carefully stacked my bags in the car junction, out of the way of anything and limp to my seat.

At this point, I know something is seriously wrong with my foot.  The pain is becoming unbearable and I can feel my shoe getting tight as it swells.  As one of the train attendants comes by with water, I pull up my translation app to explain that I think I've broken my toe, and do they have a first aid kit?  He looked very confused, shook his head, and walked off.  I'm not even sure what the app translated, it might have been unintelligible.

Tentatively, I slip my shoe off and carefully roll my sock down to assess the damage.  From how it feels, I'm expecting utter carnage: twisted joints, bloated swelling, black colors, torn nails, blood everywhere, the works.  Instead, I find some moderate bruising and swelling, and a straight, black line right in-between the nailbed and the first joint.  The biggest visual red-flag was that the swelling was all the way up through my ankle.

For the rest of the train ride, I focus on my breathing and try to semi-meditate and rest.  After a few long hours, we arrive at the Seoul station, where I know I'll need to hop to another train to get to the airport.  I'm getting concerned that I'll miss my flight anyway, simply because I can barely walk, much less move the bags at the same time.

Luckily, another old man was waiting on the platform with exactly what I needed: a baggage cart.  Smiling, and clearing seeing that I'm distressed, he immediately loads my bags on the cart, looks at my ticket, and leads me straight to the counter so I can buy an express ticket to the airport.  With things looking good again, and me back on schedule, he leads me to the train and drops my bags off.  Then, to my dismay, he turns and holds out his hand for payment.  In my harried state, I'd forgotten that folks like this guy weren't employees of the train station, they were locals working for tips.  I'd used up all my won over-tipping the cute bartenders that had spent the month flirting with me.

Apologizing profusely, I turned out my pockets and opened my wallet to show that I didn't have anything to give him.  Dejectedly, he waved me away and slowly wandered back into the station as I departed for the airport.

As I arrived, I quickly grabbed a cart, as much to use as a walker as for my bags, and headed to the nearest information kiosk.  I quietly waited for the girl working the desk to finish helping someone else before explaining that my foot was injured and do they have a medical aid station.  The best she could do for me was offer a first aid kit, all written in Hongul, so I declined, thanked her, and went to buy the strongest pain meds I could find and get a few drinks in me to dull the pain.

This is where I had to break the news to my wife that there was no way I was gonna make it to the Seattle ferry on my own, and asked her if she could make the 2-hour drive from Bremerton to pick me up at the airport.  I knew she had plans for the day and we were supposed to meet up at her house in the evening.  She worked things out and I thanked her and apologized while waiting fory flight.

Once on board and in the air, I explained my situation to the flight attendant and asked if they had anything at all that I could use for my foot.  She returned shortly with a single tylonol, an alcohol wipe, and a bandaid.  I settled for my own sleeping pills and drinking my way through the flight (free drinks on international flights ftw).

Finally, about 14-hours later, we arrive in Seattle and I head to the smoke pit to wait for my wife.  She grabs me, drops me off at her house, and heads out to meet with her friends as planned while I drive myself to the Naval hospital, hoping the ER wait wouldn't be too long on a Sunday.

ER techs got some good chuckles as I explained what I'd done and took me for x-rays.  They said that they weren't allowed to give a judgement on how the x-rays looked and I'd have to wait for the doc, but made a non-committal look showing that whatever it was, it was pretty bad.  Finally, the bone doc shows my the X-ray and you can clearly see that the upper half of the knuckle on my big toe had split apart.  There was nothing to do but put me in a plastic boot (that rubbed right on the break) and give me some drugs.

I spent the evening with my wife and headed home in the morning.  3-day drive across the country.  I'd planned on camping, but there was no way I could make it work.  It took another week to get a consultation with a bone and joint doc in town since I had to go through the base first.  Again, not much to do but stay off of it.  It healed just in time for me to deploy later that year.

tl:dr - Went to Korea, got mad, kicked helmet, broke toe, had to travel for 36 hours before getting medical attention."|GTCapone|False|https://redd.it/ekitno|16|0.84|0|2|1|tifu
eksrzz|2020-01-06 11:14:27|TIFU by blocking my ex for the second time.|"Okay okay, so basically he broke up with me (even though he never directly stated it even when I tried to provoke it out of him because I knew what he was hinting at) in early December after about us having 6 months of a relationship.

 After him breaking up with me over text I was in a lot of pain and he wasn't really because he didn't feel anything but he said he wanted to be alone so I left him alone the best I could. I ended up making bad decisions in what I told him basically going on almost crazy rants because I was very mad that he didn't want to figure things out and that he felt absolutely zero romantic attraction to me even though he wants to be friends with benefits. He told me this a few days after we broke up and we sexted which I understood was purely sexual and meant nothing to him, but then he kept talking to me (this is all on snapchat by the way) and I was very confused because if he wanted to be alone so badly why was he still talking to me? I ended up blocking him the first time on the last day of December because I couldn't take talking normally because I still felt the love I still hold for him. I saw him at work and gave him a Turkish delight and walked off as a solidarity kind of thing to let him know i still cared. Then he actually texted me and I wanted to know if he felt anything towards me and he said no, and so I was in a lot of pain and asked if we could still be friends and actually do friend things like go shopping etc. And he made an innuendo and it eventuated into us sexting again and him asking if we could meet. We did on the first of January at night (great start to the year, not) and we fucked in a park and it was less than what we both hoped for but I digress, we didn't really cuddle when we went to sleep, it was a lot less intimate than usual, I didn't kiss him goodbye when I left and I felt like punching him because he didn't even try.

Anyways fast forward to yesterday when he moved into his new house and I couldn't really be bothered to respond to him because I knew he was just baiting me with his messages and photos and he wouldn't respond if I sent anything back, it was like I was a bot to him. I didn't really care so I told him as such and said goodbye, he didn't respond to that of course because he avoids conflict and is never honest with me but that doesn't matter.

 Okay so today I got a short video from him being like 'vibing to call center music' because obviously he was fixing up his new place. So I sent back a streaks photo with the caption streaks because I didn't intend to engage with him further. Then I thought about how ever since we broke up and he said he needed space and needed to be alone and this and that and the other but he's actually been hanging out with a mutual friend of mine several times because from what I heard from her 'he was tired of being lonely' and he even set up a friend of his for this chick which is fine and all but the fact that he went out and has been hanging around friends with what seems to be all the time now frustrated me so much tonight because he said he wanted to be alone even though I've offered my hand in friendship.

Now I expressed this in a snap to him and was basically like 'it's funny how you have time for friends now and time to do a bunch of stuff like see movies amidst moving house but you never made time for me in our relationship or even now when I said I wanted to be friends with you. If you just wanted sex from me don't give me the illusion of friendship. I still miss you and I still have feelings for you but you'll be happier without me as you've clearly been happier from what you've posted. Goodbye' and then i blocked him on Instagram as well as snapchat for the second time.

I texted him 'if at any point in time you want to have sex with me let me know because anything other than that I can't deal with right now'. Now I really feel like this is all a fuck up on my part because I come across as jealous and in pain, yes I am in pain but this is not how to get him back. He didn't respond to my text and I really really really just want to speak to him and hug him and love him again and I think I fucked up because I look crazy and needy in all of this and I think I'll drive him away for good. I don't want to beg him and I don't want to feel like I'm just being emotionally used again, I just want him to feel romantic towards me again (he said he just needed time to figure out what he wants romantically, which I think is a lie to just avoid saying he wants to see other people and doesn't want to commit to me). I think blocking him was the wrong move and it's running me in circles and I'll never get the closure and I doubt he'll ever speak to me again which makes me sad and hurt.

It's probably not a really big fuck up in the scheme of things but it's stabbing my heart like it is. Thanks for listening internet. I'll see him in passing at work tomorrow which will be awful but I might take that as a chance to compliment him or something small like that. I know i shouldn't get my hopes up but I really miss him.

TL;DR: I blocked my ex boyfriend again a few days after we had meaningless sex and now I feel sad and really miss him and have ruined my prospects of friendship.

Edit response: thank you everyone for your advice and suggestions, the main concensus is that I should move on and I agree, even though it'll be challenging I think I can do it, upon reflection and introspection even though I love him it's not worth the amount of bad he's brought me and the negative times outweigh the good. Thank you all again, I wish peace for you all"|grey-toast|False|https://redd.it/eksrzz|0|0.5|0|7|1|tifu
eko7d0|2020-01-06 03:37:58|TIFU when I melted through a container in the microwave|"So for some context, my parents bought me plastic ramen containers to cook Top Ramen in the microwave with. We’ve had them for a while and they are very useful. Today my parents and sister were gone almost the whole day because my sister had a softball tournament and I was going to a party. I hadn’t eaten so I thought I’ll eat a small snack and put the ramen in the container. Unfortunately for me the TV was on and I got distracted enough to forget to put the water in with the ramen. I sit down in the chair after setting the microwave to 2:30. About 2 minutes later I smell something and turn towards the microwave just to see smoke billowing from it. I rushed over there took the container out and there was a charred piece of ramen and it was stuck to the container. In fear of the smoke getting to the smoke alarm I opened all the windows and turned on the fans. The smoke left shortly but the smell was something else. I got the ramen out of the container only to find a hole in the bottom, melted straight through. I left the house for the party with the fan on in hopes of the smell leaving, but to no avail. It’s the first thing you smell when you walk in. And just like me, they smelled it as soon as they walked in. 

TL:DR I wanted ramen but forgot water creating smoke smell and a burnt ramen container"|jwbrewer12|False|https://redd.it/eko7d0|5|0.83|0|2|1|tifu
ekkxhd|2020-01-05 23:26:40|TIFU by getting a boner to a song of a war commander|"Isn't really a fuck up but I thought it would be funny to share 

Well it all began a while ago and today I listened again to the song and got horny...again...

So it all began with losing my virginity, that is a slightly fucked up story for itself. I was at a friend's house drinking a bit and having a good time, after a while the conversation went into a slightly seductive way. I put on some music at the beginning and after one traditional song YouTube decided to put in old war music, and the change to the war music directly began as the conversation turned into that way. Just as the mentioned song about the war commander began, it was clear for my virgin brain, that today I was gonna empty my rifle in a glorious way, but the problem is that somehow, every time when I hear this song, my brain decides that it is time to load the meatgun. I get fucking horny to a goddamn war song, every time the trumpets start to play

TL;DR: Lost virginity while war songs played and now my soldier stands up every time it hears the trumpets

Edit: for everyone who is interested, the song is called ""Kalabicu duge brade"" and please, no political comments, I don't know how it came into the Playlist"|RandomSeljak|False|https://redd.it/ekkxhd|9|0.72|0|9|1|tifu
ekitam|2020-01-05 20:44:39|"TIFU by not hiding a ""candle"" better"|"Now I'm not sure if this was something I effed up because the chain of events was not to be expected.

This incident happened eight or so years ago when our daughter was two years old. 
We (me, wife and kiddo) were sitting in our living room playing Kimble (a children's dice game, apparently known as ""Trouble"" elsewhere) and the little one had played her turn and went to wander around the house. Knowing how short the turns in that game are it couldn't have been more than a minute before we shouted for her to come back to play her next turn.
Eventually she did and my wife spotted something pink in her mouth. We dug it out and noticed it was soft pink rubber the size of the inside of her mouth. It was clear that she had bitten it off of something. 

At this point I need to tell a little about our bedroom. Our double bed is facing the wall and above it on the wall is a line of cabinets. The handle of these cabinets is around the neck level of a grown man, or slightly above of a two-three year old when she's standing on a bed.
In one of these cabinets lies my wife's pink rubber dildo. Usually in its own case that's not exactly easy to open by a toddler. Can't guarantee that it was inside the case this specific  time but it was inside the cabinet.

Back to the living room. We stared at the pink rubber piece that had been slobbered all over. Quickly I realized we have one item in the house with the exact same color. I started walking towards our bedroom and on the floor I saw a path of drool and a few more familiar pink pieces with bitemarks. Hansel and Gretel would have been proud of that line of clues.
I arrived at our bedroom and on the bed was a pink dildo with four to five pieces missing and equal amount of baby bitemarks. The cabinet door was open.

I got back to the living room and told the wife what the pink piece was. She told me she had suspected the same. We then asked the little one what she had done. She said: ""I ate momma's candle"". 
We talked about it with the wife afterwards but couldn't decipher how during that one minute the toddler runs to another room, climbs on the bed, opens one of the three cabinet doors, reaches inside with her hand not seeing anything cause the cabinet is so high, pulls out a dildo (which at this point I realize must have been without the case or else the case would most likely be on the bed as well), bites it a few times and comes back. It was like she had known exactly what to look out for, but that can't be possible.

We laughed at that so bad that day. And the next day. And few more days after that. Daughter was too young to know what it was but now that she's 10 years old we haven't dated to bring that up. Maybe one day once she's older I may ask her if she remembers what happened that day. I'm sure the wife won't allow that to happen. That's why I won't tell her beforehand. 

After that we got a ""toy""box with lock. The box is inside the cabinet and the key is hidden.


Tl;dr: Toddler of the family decided playing dice games is boring so instead of playing she goes and eats her mother's dildo."|Teosto|False|https://redd.it/ekitam|12|0.78|0|1|1|tifu
ekq2el|2020-01-06 06:24:58|TIFU by waking up my entire family and talking them a Nuclear Missile has been launched from Iran|"So, this happened about 15 minutes ago.
I like to fall asleep listening to educational YouTube videos and I had my PS4 playing a Vsauce video in the background while I tried to sleep. I then fell asleep and entered an extremely lucid dream where I was listening to vsauce and I was awake in my bed. I next heard the national emergency tone blare from the TV. I heard that “4 missiles have been launched and will strike the United States in 15 minutes. Please seek immediate shelter.”

I wake up and shoot out of bed running to my 5 siblings and my parents and telling everyone to get into the basement and we all crowd down here and look frantically on social media for anything. At this point I am saying prayers and I’m not even religious. 
My fitness tracker says my heart rate was above 120 and I was shaking.

We wait 15 minutes and nobody finds anything and it slowing turns to my entire family making fun of me and everyone heading off to bed.
 
I’m still skeptical because it all felt so real.

TL;DR: I had a very lucid dream that Iran Launched missiles and I woke my family to gather in the basement."|NaydaviusWilburn|False|https://redd.it/ekq2el|2|0.55|0|4|1|tifu
ekf529|2020-01-05 16:27:25|Tifu getting lost in vegas|"Sorry for format and probably confusing due to being high af. So I am a 40 yr old mom of four. Came to Vegas with my boyfriend to pick up a camper. Was only gonna stay one night. But we decided hey we are gonna go grab some edibles and walk around. Wtf was I thinking. I dont smoke. Ever. We decided to not only take one nah we took 2. Then proceeded to walk Vegas.  By 30 minutes in I'm pretty sure I was swaying. My feet were so heavy I couldnt ligtft then to walk. Meanwhile my boyfriend starts walking. All over vegas. All I want to do is go lay down. At this point I'm scared to talk. Who knows wtf is gonna come out of my mouth. My mind is racing like flashes of old memories and possibly some that didnt happen. The lights are so damn bright and all i know is I need to go to lay down before I say something crazy. I am so hot and it feels like the Sahara in my mouth. I think I am dying of thirst. Boyfriend still walking. Finally lost and not knowing where the hell we are. We find an uber to our location. Which feels like hours sitting waiting for the car. I can hear blinkers from a mile away but cant for the life of me cant find the uber. Then we have to go thru multiple uber's to find our truck keys to get camper keys. Then uber to camper. Finally here and we pass out til about 730. Only to wake up to realize!! guess what??? Still high af. Just apparently not hallucinating anymore. I've never been so hungry in my life. Cant stop laughing. Also what felt like 2 days walking around was only 2 hrs. We were literally sleeping by 930. So here I sit at 958 in the morning over 15 hours. Still laughing and eating. Then talking with boyfriend who thought he spoke to me all night. But he literally never said a word. But then again I also found out he thought the dog was talking to him. We were supposed to leave for camping after the first night. We are on the 3rd night and  at the moment not only can we not drive but we gotta find the truck first. Its gonna be a long day.

TL : DR extremely high; lost in vegas; came home to sleep and sober up only to be high over 24 hrs and still cant leave or find truck"|lordthesekids|False|https://redd.it/ekf529|26|0.93|0|4|1|tifu
ekiach|2020-01-05 20:08:37|TIFU when my wife found my porn downloads|"This happened today morning. 

I download movies from Telegram into my laptop for my wife. We both use the same laptop. Sometimes I download porn too into it. But I quickly move them to an external hard drive before she finds out. 

Today, while I was downloading, I got a phone call and was occupied with it. I had to go to the balcony as she was sleeping in the bedroom and could get disturbed by my talking. While I was talking on the phone, she woke up and came to the living room where the laptop was sitting. My wife came and sat in front of the laptop and went to the downloads folder as she knows that’s where the movies would be. But to my horror, she  played one of the softcore porn films I had downloaded, in VLC. 

By the time I was done with the phone call, the damage was done. She was so furious that I’m watching porn without her knowledge. She is now accusing that I’ve been doing it everyday. Now I’m on the couch in the living room, while she has locked herself up in the bedroom. I hope she doesn’t find my Reddit history.


TL; DR: Downloaded porn into my laptop. Wife found it. She is super furious."|im_hitman|False|https://redd.it/ekiach|11|0.78|0|25|1|tifu
ekf4cg|2020-01-05 16:25:54|TIFU by sending a revealing video of myself to my highly religous friend...|"
Tifu by sending a video which included me in my underwear to my extremely religous friend instead of to my boyfriend.

For some back story, I have a close friend who is extremely religous and follows her religion very strictly. She doesnt do or discuss anything that could be classified as sinful under ger religion in anyway. Which includes things like talking about evolution or anything “inappropriate”. 

I am not religious and have a boyfriend of a year who Ive been intimate with for the past few months and its not uncommon for us to see each other not fully dressed or anything like that. 

Today I was messaging my frined on snapchat whilst also snapping my bf pictures of my dog whilst i was in my room. I sent a video at one point of my dog going up to my full length mirror and barking at her reflection and trying to play with it. Where i (unitentionally) sat on my bed meant that i could be fully seen whilst wearing my (very short) pyjama shorts and just my bra. I only realised after i took the vide that this was the case and thought it wouldnt matter because it was only going to my bf. I sent the video and only realised afterwards that I had sent it to my friend. I had no other means of contacting her and i couldnt call her so i couldnt tell her not to open the video or anything. I was PANICKING. She was one of my closest friends and i didnt want to ruin anything between us or make things weird. To make things worse, she was at a baptism surrounded by other hughly religious people and so i was sure I was going to be going to hell.

It took her what felt like forever to open the video and when i was just considering moving countries and starting a new life she opened it. She opened it and REPLAYED IT. I starting stressing out thinking shed not speak to me again or something.
And then she started typing...
And all she bloody said was “omg ur dog is so cute but u need ti clean ur mirror”
I have never been more relieved in my life.
Im not sure whether she noticed me and we’ve been completely normal since the incident so I don’t know if she didnt notice or is just pretending that she didnt to save my embarassment

TL;DR sent a video with me in my underwear to my friend instead of my boyfriend"|tesco-trolly884|False|https://redd.it/ekf4cg|20|0.8|0|5|1|tifu
ek9c03|2020-01-05 06:30:45|Tifu by eating out my girlfriend|"As usual, this happened last week. It all starts off with me having a cold sore on my lip. I’m sure you guys already see where this is going. My girlfriend and I were aware of the cold sore on my lip so we didn’t even think about kissing. Well one day last week, things got heated and we were both in the moment. Totally forgot about the bump on my lip and started eating her out. Afterwards, having sex. Didn’t think anything of it. Fast forward a couple days later. She has bumps all over her vagina. We start freaking out and check out my tool. I have bumps everywhere. It doesn’t stop there. This shit got spread to her nipple and both of our mouths. Absolute nightmare. We are now fucked for life with genital herpes. Both pretty mad about it but there is no cure. So just have to be careful next time a breakout happens. 

Tl;dr Ate out my girlfriend with a cold sore. Gave both of us genital herpes."|solioso|False|https://redd.it/ek9c03|111|0.95|0|23|1|tifu
ek07hq|2020-01-04 18:19:47|TIFU by hiring professional cleaners.|"So to give you a bit of backstory we are moving out of our home, packing up everything we own into a little trailer and pulling it across the country starting on Sunday. Since my girlfriend really wants her security deposit back we decided to hire some cleaners to come so our landlord can't say we didn't clean.

The cleaners did a great job. They got EVERYTHING out. Wiped the baseboards down mopped the floor, pulled everything out of the bathrooms, kitchen you name it. Got everything packed up and sent them on their way.

Now we still have until Sunday until we move out, so I kept the Xbox and a chair out so i could game the last couple days. After finishing off the last of the Cheetos and reheating leftovers for lunch, I of course have to do my business.

So here I sit on the toilet writing this TIFU, in a completely empty bathroom. Really wishing I had a bidet.

TL:DR: I got nothing to wipe with!"|Iforgotwhatimdoing|False|https://redd.it/ek07hq|928|0.96|0|79|1|tifu
ekikc7|2020-01-05 20:27:18|TIFU by being a professional trespasser.|"I, being a discount Santa Claus, am a package delivery driver. It's a new gig, but roleplaying as St. Nick has been a blast so far - I'm on my own all day, rarely interact with people, and when I do, it's to deliver a wholesome smile. Chris Kringle status right here, folks.

But yesterday was my first taste of sympathizing with the big guy. I had an armful of packages to deliver to multiple houses on the block, so I was walking door-to-door. Three houses into the deliveries, my delivery app notified me of the next customer's preference: ""Please deliver to back porch."" I thought, no problem - I'll just pop on back and be out in a jiff. So I made my way down the long, compact driveway (these houses were far too close together), starting to feel mildly uneasy at the thought of passersby glancing at jolly old St. Nicholas clumsily struggling through a dark, private alleyway with an armful of packages.

I made it to the back. But with horror, I noticed quickly that there was no back porch; no door, no landing, no nothing. So there I stood, a panicked Santa, standing in an innocent bystander's ~~very nice~~ backyard. Helplessly, I meandered around the yard, looking for a door, a landing, a tote, anything to leave the package safely in (seeing as ""the customer's requests come first!"" is a big mood for the company, I wasn't about to leave that jolly lil package at the front porch). I was slowly devolving into the Krampus, I was so frustrated.

Then the back window opened, and a timid, fragile ~~and enormously concerned~~, ""Hello?"" rang out.

I was already apologizing profusely by the time I turned around. I explained I couldn't find the back porch, and with a nervous smile, she pointed to the driveway and said, ""Side door.""

With shame, I took that long walk to the side door that I'd completely bypassed to get to her yard. She didn't meet me there.

*tl;dr: Santa's job is harder than I gave credit. I traumatized a woman by trying too hard to comply with her delivery requests by trespassing in her backyard.*"|girl_of_forestgreen|False|https://redd.it/ekikc7|8|0.83|0|1|1|tifu
ekkt2c|2020-01-05 23:17:45|TIFU by angering the upstairs neighbor for raging in games|"This is a good one. I'm a train driver in real life, and therefore I have a very fluctuating sleeping schedule. This week was late/night shift, so I was up until 4am the entire week. Now, I know that I have a loud voice, and combine that with a noise-cancelling headset (which is now permanently on ambient noise setting so that I can hear myself), and you have a recipe for lots of noise when raging in competitive gaming.

The upstairs neighbor is quite sensitive to all the noise and has come down to our apartment (I live with a roommate, the apartment is his) already once before to warn us about the noise and asked us politely to keep down the noise at late hours. This was about a month ago, and because I'm an idiot, I didn't think to ask for his number in case the noise got too loud again.

Today, I got home from dinner with a couple of colleagues, and went straight to play some League. All was well, until I got a text message from my roommate. The upstairs neighbor messaged him and complained again about the noise and threatened to send an e-mail to the housing association, which can get us fined.

I was scared shitless because I still haven't gotten an official renting contract yet, so my roommate can evict me without a notice, as well as that I normally am trying to become a better person, so I immediately felt really, **really** guilty about the whole situation. I have tried to explain the whole situation to my roommate and asked for the neighbor's phone number, and I'm thinking of visiting the neighbor tomorrow to explain the situation and just hoping that he's not going to scold me or beat me for interrupting his night rest.

TLDR: Upstairs neighbor is fucking pissed with me for screaming while gaming in late hours using a noise cancelling headset due to having a job with unpredictable working hours."|Bretgrenz_|False|https://redd.it/ekkt2c|4|0.64|0|2|1|tifu
ekw8mm|2020-01-06 16:19:01|TIFU by not following my passion|" 

Today I woke up and I started playing a computer game. The game was called Lunaro and I went on Reddit and searched ""[r/LunaroWarframe](https://www.reddit.com/r/LunaroWarframe/)"" and I didn't want to join because they wanted me to play lunaro at least 12 hours a day. Biggest mistake of my life, see by not joining I have chosen to spend my life in misery, outside of the warm embrace of the ever-growing Lunaro community (believe it or not we have a clan with over 5 players) The clan leader, Nikola Hunterstil Lunaro Georgiev, did not respond well when he learned that I had rejected such a gift and he told me that there will be no more ""time to gaming!"" for me any longer. (He has a 99% win ratio btw (by the way) 99 wins and 1 loss, insane amr? (am I right)) I feel ashamed and guilty, I don't know what to do... please, for the love of God, join [r/LunaroWarframe](https://www.reddit.com/r/LunaroWarframe/) while you still can, because one day you might regret not accepting such a proposal.

Thank you for reading.

\-Lunaro-

TL;DR

I'm an idiot for not joining r/LunaroWarframe and the consequences are that I am crying"|magnuscarlsenfan|False|https://redd.it/ekw8mm|0|0.27|0|3|1|tifu
ekjfq8|2020-01-05 21:39:12|TIFU by Ring of Firing Myself|"I wanted to try a chicken recipe I could make in my microwave. I got a video off of YouTube that spoke of a very simple recipe which required only a few spices and some convection cooking + grilling.

Too much ginger in the marinade aside my main mistake was to overestimate how much red chilli powder I could tolerate. The recipe called for “as much as you can tolerate”.

Me being a spice-guzzling Bengali boy I decided to empty the remaining bit in the packet. I could tell it was perhaps a bit too much but I was feeling reckless and decided it can’t be that bad.

It was bad. The chicken was hard to eat and I had to drink milk afterwards to soothe my scorched tastebuds.

Worse, the ring of fire ensued. An experience I’m only having for the second time in life. And I did this to myself.

Never underestimate spices.

tl;dr thought I could take the spice. I can’t take the spice. Ring of fire ensues."|Kaylors|False|https://redd.it/ekjfq8|6|1.0|0|1|1|tifu
ejt9o7|2020-01-04 06:56:37|TIFU by putting toothpaste on my dick and sending it to a girl|"Okay so you're probably wondering what the fuck that title is. 

Not more than 30 minutes ago I received a new match on Tinder (yay!). She was cute so I sent her a message saying hi and we talked for a bit and then I got her snap.

On Snapchat she asks if I wanted to play truth or dare and being the horndog that I am I agreed. The questions were innocent enough at first, but then I dared her to send her most recent picture in her camera roll. It was her cleavage (score). In that moment I knew I had succeeded in my dick's desire. I picked dare next because she picked dare. Her dare was to put toothpaste on my dick.

Now, I'm not proud of this but I wasn't super against it at first. I called her out for just trying to see my dick by putting a funny spin on it. I decided to video call her on Snapchat and she watched me pull out my dick and such. I then said that was enough and I didn't wan't to rub toothpaste on my dick but she insisted she would send nudes if I did.

So, I squeezed out some toothpaste, rubbed that bad boy on my cock, and sent a pic to the girl. Not two seconds later I check and she unadded me on snap and unmatched with me on Tinder.

Hoes really be out here getting guys to rub toothpaste on their dicks and leave. Now I'm stuck with a stinging cock and some blue balls.

TLDR: Rubbed toothpaste on my dick and sent it to a girl for a dare and she ghosted me"|toothpasteonpenis|True|https://redd.it/ejt9o7|43489|0.82|2|1730|1|tifu
ekblma|2020-01-05 10:54:27|TIFU by catfishing my friend as a joke|"In my junior year of high school, I caused a bit of drama in my high school over a catfish account that I made as a small joke to mess with my friends. My female friends had always complained about how guys were thirsty and always trying to get at them, and with me having no life, I was curious to see if that was true by posing as an underclass girl for a week.

Turns out, they were completely right. I friended a lot of people on Facebook, and posted a status asking people to send me memes. I didn’t expect anyone to even fall for it, because I tried to make it pretty obvious that the whole thing was just a joke. However, I ended up getting hundreds of messages from guys that sent me flirty messages and inappropriate comments, along with shitty memes.

I never responded to creepy guys or people that I didn’t know, because I didn’t want to give off the impression that I wanted some form of connection. I really just used the account to pull a quick prank out of my guy friends who I knew would laugh at the joke. My friends found it funny after they found out it was me, and I eventually got bored of it after a few days and stopped.

However, there was one guy in my school who found out that the account was a catfish. He’d sent me multiple messages which I never responded to, and commented “🥜” emojis under my photos. He had a track record of commenting creepy things under girls’ Facebook photos, and a lot of people didn’t like him because of it.

He ended up finding out that the account was a catfish, and he had mistaken my friend that I catfished as the admin of the account, and started trash talking him publicly on Facebook. My friend said some harsh things back in response, and another friend who previously had beef with him in the past jumped into the shit post thread of Facebook comments bashing each other. Friend #2 joked that he would never confront him in person to say what he was saying, and the creepy guy then responded by telling him he'd throw his ass across the school building, and they planned to fight after school the next day.

I tried to de-escalate the situation in the thread, but things started to get more heated and they were both ignoring me. I personally messaged friend #2 to let it go, but he just told me to not worry about it, because it was his choice. I don't really know what happened because I wasn't there, but apparently they ended up fighting for 5 seconds in the hallway during 4th period, before they were split up by a teacher. After the encounter, they both got suspended for 2 days. I felt horrible for what I had caused and I was met with some backlash from my classmates, as well as laughter from others after they heard about the incident. I was never called to the office because they never mentioned the catfish account. Even if I was, I don't know if I would have been punished, since I never tried to instigate anything.

This all could have been easily avoided if my dumbass didn’t make that account. I didn’t really know what I was thinking making it, and I couldn’t control the situation after things escalated. It was supposed to be a dumb joke, but I was so stupid for not realizing how poor in taste it was, causing everything to go for the worst, and making a huge mess at the end of the day. I ended up apologizing to both parties. Friend #2 didn't really care about the suspension and laughed it off, but I never got a response from the kid who tried to call me out. I ended up gaining a reputation in my school as a quiet, weird shady kid that started a fight with a catfish account until I graduated, but I guess I deserved it for acting so stupid in the first place.

TL;DR - made a catfish account, a pervy kid tried to call me out for it and my friend dealt with him without me wanting him to, causing them to both get suspended after they fought the next day"|throwaway5293873|False|https://redd.it/ekblma|32|0.86|0|5|1|tifu
ekpfg8|2020-01-06 05:24:11|TIFU by sending a shirtless pic to a work group text|"Just happened. Title.

I sent a picture of my back to a work text group of 20 people. I immediately apologized profusely. I then contacted my boss immediately and he told me not to worry about it, and told the group (he’s everyones boss) to not mess with me about it. I asked him if I needed to go to HR and he said I don’t but if i want to he would come support me.

I am really worried, even though he said it was okay and just a harmless mistake and it wasn’t like a dick pic - if someone takes offense to it - i think I could lose my job.

What do I do now? Update my resume? 

Can i get hit with harassment for that?

Any advice would be appreciated. There are older people on the text group and even if i dont lose my job i dont know how to save face. Super unprofessional and really disappointed with myself.

TL;DR: sent picture to work group text, dont know what to do now"|Imessedupatwork1|False|https://redd.it/ekpfg8|1|0.67|0|6|1|tifu
ek6png|2020-01-05 02:34:42|TIFU by discovering what my childhood nickname really means|"This post was inspired by https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ek173m/tifu_by_using_toothpaste_as_lube/

While reading his tale of woe, I stumbled across the phrase ""prison fifi."" 

My heart sank.

Fifi has been my nickname since I was seven years old. I even chose it myself! I know you're not supposed to choose your own nickname, but nobody was going to do it for me, and besides, it sounded cute.

Frantically, I googled the phrase, hoping against hope that the OP's turn of phrase was something unique to his vernacular. 

It was not.

Dictionary.com defines ""pison fifi"" as follows:

> Fifi, sometimes appearing as fifi-bag, has been found in prison slang throughout the US since at least 1972. It means “vaginas” constructed out of everyday materials used for masturbation. The term made its way out of prison in the 1990s.

Guess what else made its way out in the 1990s? My. Fucking. Nickname.

TL;DR: For the past 20 years, I, my friends, and my family, have all been affectionately calling me a DIY vagina."|TululaDaydream|False|https://redd.it/ek6png|119|0.88|0|20|1|tifu
ek7ovq|2020-01-05 03:59:11|TIFU By Using Icy Hot as Jerkoff Lube|" This wasn't today, but rather back about 8 years ago. I'm not using a throwaway cause I find this story funny and don't care if anyone I know finds out. I was 13 and I was staying the night at my grandmother's house.

It was about 12:30 am, I was in the guest room of my grandma's house, which is conveniently right next to the bathroom. I couldn't sleep. I was VERY horny... I wanted to jerk off. So I laid there, thinking of naughty things like many 13 year old boys would, and realized that I would need jerkoff lube. Spit alone was not going to cut it for this fap session!

So I got out of bed and tip-toed to the bathroom as quietly as I could. I rummaged around inside the drawers in my grandma's bathroom for a good 3 minutes before I came across a jar of Icy Hot. 13 year old me saw this and thought ""This will do perfectly!"". Cold, then hot! What could possibly go wrong??

I made my way back to the guest room and shut the door, I pulled my pants down and slathered my hand in that Icy Hot. And then I started Jerkin' the Gherkin. For a moment, it felt nice, very cool and a little tingly. But after that short bout of cold tinglyness it started to burn. I tried to ignore it and kept going, but it only got worse. It hurt so bad that I screamed!

I got up and ran to the bathroom as fast as I could. Still screaming, I turned on the tap to the bathtub and knelt in the tub to hold my dick under the running water. It took a good 2 minutes before things started feeling normal again. So then I turned off the tap and turned around to see my grandma with her jaw to the fucking floor, who had apparently been watching 13 year old me hold my erect dick covered in Icy Hot under the tap for 2 minutes.

I started trying to think of an excuse, but before I could say anything, or even think of anything to say my grandma just nodded and turned around and went back to bed. Not a single word spoken.

My grandma never told my mom, and she never brought this up ever to me. But it weighs heavily on me that my grandma knows this about me and took this secret to her grave. My grandma is the best! She ain't no snitch.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - 13 year old me made a huge mistake and used Icy Hot as jerkoff lube at grandma's house, grandma saw 13 year old me holding my dick under the tap to get it off and kept it a secret till she died."|BrentarTiger|True|https://redd.it/ek7ovq|73|0.84|0|19|1|tifu
ekksxg|2020-01-05 23:17:30|TIFU by calling our HR Rep a B-word and her boyfriend overheard|"I'm a supervisor at a call center and we were at a company party last night. I had a few drinks and our HR rep was on stage making a speech. One of my subordinates who didn't recognize her asked who was that, and I said that's the HR bitch. I had no idea her boyfriend was 2 feet away. Anyway, 10 minutes later she comes up to him and I heard him telling her what I said then he looks at me like he wants to beat the shit out of me. She walks away for a bit and he tells me I'm disrespectful and I tried to apologize but he was having none of it, he even went as far as threaten me basically saying don't  interact with her. For the rest of the night he just kept giving me a deadly stare and some of the people who were around me, subordinates included, saw this.

 I do feel bad about it, if I hadn't drank I would have never said it, and to make things worse this is probably the first time in my 3 year tenure with the company I'd have done something this stupid or out of place. Pretty sure I'm gonna be in meetings tomorrow and I'm not sure what course of action they're going to try and take especially since by subordinates were around and I'm supposed to behave at a higher level. I plan to speak with my boss about it first to see how I need to approach this.

TL;DR: Referred to our HR rep as a bitch to my subordinate at a staff event and the HR rep's bf overheard. He didn't take it well and has told her about it. Will give an update."|noveKi|True|https://redd.it/ekksxg|4|0.54|0|20|1|tifu
ek6ri5|2020-01-05 02:39:06|TIFU by using my fiance's dick as a shake weight|" (Obvious throwaway) So this actually happened within the past hour or so. My fiance and I were talking about how we were going to work on getting healthier this year (new year, new me, all that jazz) and what kind of exercises we were planning to do. At some point I walked over to where he was sitting and put my arms around him, which led to him saying he knew a great way to burn calories.

Obviously, this was a way to say sex, but I decided to play coy and ask him what he meant. After a bit of back and forth, he pulled his dick out and was like, ""no, I mean this."" So I stared at his penis, and said, ""I really don't think I'm burning any calories."" So he told me to treat it like a shake weight.

So I did. God help me, Reddit, I did.

I didn't mean to do him any harm - I very much like my fiance's penis and would never want to put it out of commission. But in my attempt to jokingly treat his penis like a shake weight, I accidentally pulled too hard on it.

I've never seen a grown man brought to the verge of tears so suddenly. One moment we were joking around, and the next he was crouched over and yelling in pain. Apparently, penises are not made to be treated like shake weights, and I definitely should have been more gentle.

On the plus side, we did test out his penis about ten minutes later, and I'm happy to say it functions as normal.

TLDR: I jokingly tried to use my fiance's penis as a shake weight and ended up pulling it too hard. Thankfully, no permanent damage has been done."|ShakeWeightAbuser|True|https://redd.it/ek6ri5|84|0.85|0|7|1|tifu
ekfou7|2020-01-05 17:06:43|TIFU : glasses broke right in half|"I had my pair of  glasses for over 2 years. I loved the style of the glasses. I had already had the same one but just wanted it newer since it was exposed a lot to the pool when I was working as a swim Instructor.  I kept my old pair in case I needed them for any reason at all. 

Here’s where it went wrong with my new pair : 

I was laying in bed with my SO. My dog was also on the bed and decided to lay on a pillow (where my glasses was under it. My dog is about 30 lbs so it’s not like he can easily break them. He knows not to lay on our glasses when it’s out in the open but when it’s under a pillow he doesn’t know any better).  When I lifted the pillow to look at something on my SO’s phone, they were broken right in half. I was upset and my SO thought if he grabbed a lighter, the peices would just melt together. He tried it and made it worst than before. He then wanted to try duct tape and to no avail. he tried almost 3 different things before finally I just snapped and said to leave it.  My glasses look like a mangled mess now with a small crack on the lens and now they’re hardly a bridge to even balance it on my nose. They absolutely are wrecked beyond repair, even for a glasses repair place. so I took out my old glasses and now am wear those. They need to be screwed a little tighter but I’m going straight to a glasses repair place to just tighten them for free instead of risking my time and patience if these one break to. 

TL: DR I broke my newer glasses from the dog laying on it. SO tried to repair them but made them worst beyond repair. I’m wearing my older glasses but heading to a repair place to tighten them Rather then me risking them breaking to."|Shannenne|False|https://redd.it/ekfou7|4|0.84|0|0|1|tifu
ekeovp|2020-01-05 15:54:16|TIFU by leaving my shoes on|"I had been invited for dinner by my boyfriend's aunt and uncle, so he and I were at their house last night, along with his parents, who met us there. The weather by us yesterday was awful all day, and by the time we got to his aunt and uncle's house, the grass was saturated from all the rain. Now, his aunt and uncle don't ask that guests take off their shoes upon entering the house, which I knew, so even though it was wet outside, I didn't think to take them off, since I never have to when I'm there. We had a nice dinner and several hours later, we were all relaxing in the living room, when my boyfriend happened to look down, and he noticed something dark-colored caked onto the side and bottom of my sneaker. He asked me what it was, and I looked and replied, ""Shoot, I think it's dirt."" I looked at his aunt and uncle and said, ""Oh jeez, I hope I didn't just track that all over your house."" His aunt and uncle didn't make a big deal out of it (I'm sure this happens all the time, since people leave their shoes on in their house), and his uncle got up from the couch and said, ""Here guava27, let me get you some wipes to clean off your shoes."" He led me to the bathroom where they had a large supply of cleaning wipes, and left me to clean up. I sat down on the toilet lid, grabbed a wipe, and began scrubbing at my sneaker. It only took a second before the smell hit me.

It. Was. Not. Dirt. 

I then began to panic because I realized that I had been tracking shit through these nice people's house all night. After a few minutes, my boyfriend came to see if I was alright, since I hadn't come back yet. All I could do was look up at him with fear in my eyes and go, ""It's not dirt. Oh my God, it's not dirt."" So he grabbed cleaning spray to try and get the shit out of the deep crevices of the bottom of my shoe, with little success, but at least now my shoe smelled a little less like shit and a little more like citrus. So, resigned, I took a paper towel, walked through the living room in front of everyone, put it by the front door, and left my shoes on top of it to ""dry"", still trying to play it off like it had just been dirt. 

""You good, guava27?""

""Yep, everything's fine!""

I don't think I fooled anyone. Everything was not fine. It was hard to make eye contact with anyone for the rest of the night. I got home and left my shoes in the garage, because I still need to finish cleaning them. If anyone has any tips, I'd appreciate it...it's REALLY in there. 

Tl;dr I tracked shit through the house of some very nice people."|guava27|False|https://redd.it/ekeovp|5|0.71|0|7|1|tifu
ekmkim|2020-01-06 01:28:58|TIFU by kissing my best friend|"So this all happened on Boxing Day. I ended up snogging my BFF like we were teenagers in a corner. Thought that would pretty much be it because although we’re both single, neither of us wants to be in a relationship at present. Ever since then BFF has been acting off. I’ve tried to bring it up a few times, but it’s awkward and there’s clearly no interest in discussing things.

Acting normal hasn’t worked. Nothing has worked. It’s all gone tits up, and I’m afraid that our friendship is gone because of a good snog. After trying to bring it up several times, I’ve pretty much given up. I don’t want to press the issue and make things more uncomfortable than they already are. I’m absolutely gutted. I really hope BFF comes around, but until then I think the only thing left for me to do is back the fuck off. I realize that will most likely not help anything either. 

TL;DR I kissed my best friend and now our friendship is ruined even though I’ve tried to act like things are normal."|tooyoungtoadult|False|https://redd.it/ekmkim|3|0.55|0|4|1|tifu
ekd4x8|2020-01-05 13:40:45|TIFU by over sleeping.|"So this literally just happened this morning, and I’m just...I’m in town, and leaving today, and my sisters been working these insane hours. I’ve been staying at my aunts for the past couple of days- but I had to come back to my sisters to do my laundry and get ready to go. She was called into work at 6 o’clock at night, and she doesn’t know when she’ll be off so I’m trying to stay awake waiting for her since I have her keys. Long story short, she texts me she’s on her way at 5am, near then, and I’m still trying to stay away, playing games on my phone- but that’s when my memory blanks and I wake up now to 11 missed calls, and a lot of missed texts because I forgot to take my phone off of silent. Now I’m going over there and she’s going to beat my ass, and everyone’s going to be upset with me, and I deserve it. And not to mention she has more work in 3 hours, so I’ll have to bring her clean clothes. And I feel like a pile of crap, and she’s not answering my calls...Elbe cause she’s probably asleep. Omfg.

TLDR; I wait up for my sister until she actually arrives, and death is awaiting me."|ColdChildhood8|False|https://redd.it/ekd4x8|7|1.0|0|2|1|tifu
ekagxk|2020-01-05 08:38:30|TIFU by eating party dip|"So my friends were having a medium sized get together, nothing abnormal. We had the usual snacks with the new addition of dip for the chips. Now usually these snacks are available all night so after a while everyone is still picking at them, myself included. At the time, I wasn’t thinking about how long things had been sitting out because, excluding tonight’s dip, none of the snacks are perishable. That oversight is the big FU. 

I’ve gone over every single thing I’ve eaten today that might come back to haunt me, and the only possible thing that makes sense is that dip. It must have needed to stay refrigerated, and we just had it out all night. I think I was the only one eating it past a reasonable hour because I’m the only one experiencing repercussions. 

I got up immediately after going to bed because something felt wrong, and I was right. For a while I was just standing in the bathroom in major discomfort, questioning my life decisions, until the tidal wave came forth from my stomach. So much so that it coming out of my nose. Now I’m just sitting here, 2 hours after we went to bed, wondering if I should try to blow the last stuck little bit out of my nose or cut my losses and try to get some sleep.

TL;DR: I ate some dip at a party that had probably been out of the fridge for too long, felt awful, stayed up late puking."|sussolini|False|https://redd.it/ekagxk|15|0.87|0|2|1|tifu
ekayi5|2020-01-05 09:37:27|TIFU by spinning a pan|"this happened less than half an hour ago and I'm still dealing with it. So it started with my siblings being hungry so I decided to cook some eggs for them so I turn on the stove and started to look for a pan my little brother comes in the kitchen and I told him to get a pan so I could get the other stuff to cook after I'm done my brother get the wrong pan out so I was gonna put it to the side until my dumbass decided to spin it by the handle but my pinky get caught in a hole of the handle and it scrapes the tip of my pinky instinctively I wrap it with my hand and go to the restroom and when I get there to take care of it it is dripping and I start to panic a little but still remained calm and was still taking care of it. After a while of the bleeding not stopping I start panicking more and start pacing around the house (with my pinky maybe or maybe not dripping) and I see the pan that cut me and notice that the hole has the piece of skin that was scraped off and when I pick it out of the hole it looks like an onion that got diced and as you would expect it does not help me get calm so I go to my sister and ask her if it needs medical attention but she says there's too much blood to tell and a while after that the bleeding calms  down enough I look at it and holy shit it looks like a bite mark and I nervously show my sister and she says it's ok and it's the same is getting cut by the cheese grater and I start to clam down but the adrenaline is still there and I am continuing to pace around and if I sit down the focus goes to what does it look like, should I check on it, and what if I do need to go to the doctor. Anyways I'm writing this as a way to clam down and distract myself thank u for reading and sorry for any grammar mistakes I made.

TL:DR I spun a pan like a dumbass and it cut me resulting in me bleeding and panicking a lot."|the_meme_man12|True|https://redd.it/ekayi5|12|0.79|0|15|1|tifu
ekng9i|2020-01-06 02:37:55|TIFU by beeing a lazy ass and probably fail my paper|"Actually the fu happened the last weeks. I am graduating as an engineer and the last thing I have to do is writing a paper, I had 5 months for it but the first half of that period was pretty nasty due to personal things. After that I had enough time to make it but I keept on procastinating till last week. I am supposed to write about 50 pages and managed to write 30 to this moment. Instead of taking the time for it I kept playing stupid video games and watching netflix.

Now I have one day left to finish it. I am still missing a big part of the theoroy and the whole introducion and conclusion. I will now go to bed and cry me to sleep for a few hours until I try to write the last 20 pages of theoroy I didnt understand so far...

The worst part of it is that my so still thinks things are looking good as I couldnt tell her the truth yet.

TL:DR wasted time instead of writing a paper and now I am about to fail it"|tobzulu|False|https://redd.it/ekng9i|0|0.33|0|2|1|tifu
ejqng2|2020-01-04 03:06:59|TIFU by causing $3k of damage with $4 of ice|"Preface - I drive a BMW and am all too aware of their fabulously terrible repair costs. I know it's absurd and can be remidied by replacing my car with a Toyota. I've experienced the absurdity. And I've owned a Toyota. I am where I am and I love my car blindly. 

But this is just too stupid to not share. 

We were headed to the inlaws on Christmas Eve when my check engine light came on and my dash threw an error - ""Increase steer effort. Drive moderately."" While mostly unnoticeable on the highway or even surface roads, driving under 15mph (parking lots, turning from a stop, etc) was like steering through sand. 

Between half the family having caught the flu - even with flu shots - the holidays, and EOY work deadlines, I didn't get my car to the shop until yesterday. Additionally, in the past week, sometimes the error would just...go away. But it always came back. 

I got the call at 2pm today and the service technician began the call by asking me to not be mad at him (never a good sign). He explained that there were control units in the trunk, one of which was causing the power steering error. But all three were sitting in water, so there must be a leak in my trunk. 

Repair estimate? $3200. 

I was put on hold while he tracked down answers to my various questions (primarily the names of the control units and info on what each controlled)...

And it dawned on me.

I had gone to a friend's party the Sunday before Christmas and, in loading the car Tuesday (Christmas Eve), I found two empty bags of ice. They handed been needed (bought 12 total, I think) and I had totally forgotten about them for 2 days. The trunk mat was wet so I threw down a few towels and headed over, now late, to the in-laws and didn't think of it again. 

When he was back on the phone, I told the service technician what had happened and explained that I was skeptical of the leak theory - that I'm really just an idiot. I asked him what I owed him for drying up the water they found and for the diagnosis ($0), and told him I'd like to wait on the repairs. 

My HOPE is that a dehumidifier in the car for a few days will dry up any remaining water and these control units will be just fine, especially consider it was working intermittently before I dropped it off to be checked. At a minimum though I want to get a second opinion (and another quote) before laying down $1,145 in labor to replace these three easily accessible control units.

That all said, I don't know what is more stupid - me leaving ice in the car to melt, or BMW casually leaving (read: purposefully installing) $2k worth do electronics under the trunk mat in plastic cups that hold water. The service tech shared that he had seen this before when a guy spilled a bucket of fish (???) in the trunk of his X5. 


TL;DR - left 2 bags of ice in my trunk to melt, soaked my car's butt brain, resulting in est. repair cost of $3,148.13 because...BMWs have butt brains."|false_name1229|False|https://redd.it/ejqng2|3144|0.96|0|356|1|tifu
ekglqb|2020-01-05 18:10:35|TIFU Boyfriend friend walks into the bathroom while i was there|"A disclaimer first: this did not happen today or to me. It happened to one of my female friends a few days ago. I will be telling the story in first person the way I heard it

This weekend I was visiting my boyfriend who lives in a neighboring town. He has a pretty big house so usually when I want to use the bathroom, I use the guest bathroom which is close to the entrance and he never comes there. today I was on my period and I knew he went out to buy some things since I was visiting and we wanted to chill home and enjoy our time together. It was that time of the month and I wasn't feeling well and had a pretty strong flow this month. since he wasn't home I didn't care to close the door fully and lock up the door and just sat like a blob on the toilet with my pants down and sanitary pad pointing up filled with blood. i know its a disgusting site but who cares I'm alone in the house and felt safe. a few minutes later I hear someone walk in the house and out of nowhere someone pushes the door open looks at my face as I cover it up, looks down at the bloody pad then turns around and screams sorry and leaves. I don't know who he is, why he is here. I assume it's my boyfriend's friend. To avoid the shame he just left the house. WHAT WILL I DO.

that was the last time I saw him and I never told my boyfriend...... I'm not sure what to do

TL:DR: I visit boyfriend, use the bathroom without locking the door, his friend walks in sees a bloody pad and leaves the house"|y_truth|False|https://redd.it/ekglqb|5|0.64|0|3|1|tifu
ek9art|2020-01-05 06:26:49|TIFU by deciding to have a bath|"Got a haircut earlier today by my sister, washing my hair afterwards to get out any loose hair. Naturally, I thought to take a bath later, to only wash my body. My other sister chipped in saying how she has a bath bomb she hasnt used . Post-work bath bomb. Awesome.  
So, after coming home after work I ran the tub. Now this aint your standard tub, but a jacuzzi-style tub that my parents use to use, probably before I was born. Because of its inactivity I had to clean the large tub. A little while later I notice that the running water turns cold, and it was only a fourth full. Not knowing what to do I consult my 3 sisters, and one said to boil some water to pour in too. Oh, people do that? Well then I go and boil a large kettle full of water. So far this has already been much more work than I thought it would be. A few minutes later standing in nothing but underwear. The kettle starts hissing. I grab it with an oven mit in hand, and another to set it on when I was finished with it. Walking carefully up the stairs almost naked while holding boiling water in one hand I think to myself, “man, this is kinda like the buildup to a tifu huh”. Immediately after not thinking about the kettle it slips. I let a squeal and dodge my body out of the way as my kettle falls down the stairs. While in shock, my sisters come to laugh, and scream at me to clean up the mess. Because I nearly burned myself, but still burned my confidence in holding the kettle I ask my older sister to bring it up for me.

Im now sitting in a not-even half-filled tub, laying awkwardly to fit my whole body in the water, typing on my Ziploc-covered phone, sadly enjoying a disappointing bath bomb that didnt even sparkle or shine like in its description. Despising that the house only has 1 water heater in a large home

TL;DR Was looking forward to a bathbomb, then nearly scorched myself. And then the bath bomb wasnt even cool :(

Edit: added more context"|Dylanator22|False|https://redd.it/ek9art|15|0.84|0|3|1|tifu
ek1zxq|2020-01-04 20:30:46|TIFU by opening my mother's package|"As  a precursor, my mother gets a lot of packages. A lot a lot of packages.  Currently living with her, I've opened up a lot of these packages with  permission, and I've left a lot of them be. Today, another package came,  a long, rectangular box, and I thought nothing of it. She orders a *ton*  of unnecessary shit from the internet to the point where it seems she  gets a new package with another useless item at least four times a week.

As  another precursor, my mom has two chihuahuas, and my large dog, who  lives with her as well. The chihuahuas piss and shit all over the place  and are poorly trained. Before I walked my dog, I threw the package on  the ground near to the door, not caring to put it on a piece of  furniture or somewhere the chihuahuas couldn't get to it, because I was  fixated more on walking my dog.

Fast  forward to 30 mins later, I've come back from my dog walk, and I pick  up the package, only to realize that the bottom is slathered in a watery  substance. A watery substance that smells suspiciously like chihuahua  piss. Cursing myself, I take the package to my mother after grabbing a  pair of scissors and say I'm going to set it on the floor of the garage  to not stain more of the house with dog pee to open it, and she says  it's fine for me to do so as long as *she* doesn't have to touch dog pee. And so I open the package from the side that's not covered in dog pee.

Underneath  the not so copious amount of packing material, I notice something long  and thin, which looks akin to a beauty instrument, which is what I *thought* it was, until I caught a glimpse of the label, and started gawking. No, it was not any of those things. It was a *vibrator.*  Checking out the other two packages contained therein, a dildo, and lube. I immediately run inside to her room and pass the  stuff to her in embarrassment, trying to hold back expletives, to which  she responds by asking if the package contained any *batteries*.  If I had only handed off the package to her then I probably wouldn't  have to think about the realization that she bought two vibrators and  lube.

TL;DR - learned that my 50+ year old mother purchased sex toys because I opened her mail order package, and now I feel like I need brain bleach"|sarinavdw|True|https://redd.it/ek1zxq|93|0.89|0|21|1|tifu
ekiiaz|2020-01-05 20:23:20|TIFU by dropping a log on my friends face|"So this happened when i was a kid between the age of 5 to 8 and my friends and i were playing on a field near my house where we had a strange structure and i still dont know its purpose but it looked strange il try to describe it as best as i can.
It looked like a frame of a pyramid made out of iron it was maybe 2.5 meters tall and as it got taller it also got like smaller.Yea and we were building a little base out of wood planks and normal wood i was on the top like floor and my friend was below and i went to hand him a piece of wood that he can use for his floor and so i grabbed a log with 1 hand and then went to hand it to him  and i didnt realize how heavy it was so it slipped out of my hand right on his nose.He had a bloody nose it wasnt that bad because the drop was small. 

TLDR: dropped a log on my frends face as a kid , ended with a bloody nose and cryin."|stankandstonk|False|https://redd.it/ekiiaz|0|0.46|0|8|1|tifu
ek0337|2020-01-04 18:10:59|TIFU Stealing a package while breaking and entering|"Background info: A good friend of mine informed me that due to her and her SO's busy schedule, they are rarely home and are looking for a roommate. They planned on renting out their spare room so I accepted the offer. Because of our random schedules, we couldn't find the right time to sign me onto the lease. The manager required all of us to be present to sign. 

Now on to the story! On one of my days off, my roommate called to tell me her package was delivered to the wrong door. She sent me a screenshot of the picture Amazon sent her. It was left on top of a welcome mat that had sea shells on it. We did not have a welcome mat. So I looked around, low and behold it was a couple doors down from ours. 

My exhausted brain (I had just done an overnight shift) proceeded to convince me it was easy: grab the package and go. Unbeknownst to me, I was being watched by a neighbor and my actions made it seem like I stole a package. Remember, I barely moved in and was not on the lease yet.

Not even a few seconds later, someone angrily pounds on the door. It was a woman in her mid 40s with a matching track suit. She angrily accuses me of stealing and I argued with her not knowing what she was talking about. It escalated so much that another neighbor called the manager over.

""I'm calling the cops on you! How dare you steal!"" she said.

""This is my roommate's package! What are you talking about?!"" I screamed back.

""What's the name then?? I know the names of the tenants who live here and I've never seen you here before!"" she screams yet again. I grab the package and read the label. It was a foreign name I've never heard of before. Which made her even more smug. 

Manager shows up, asks what I'm doing at my apartment. I explain that I live there. And since he's never met me before (still not on the lease) he was hesitant to believe me. The neighbor then accuses me of breaking into my own home. The manager eventually drags us to his office and kept me there until my roommate was forced to come back home to set the record straight. 

Turns out my roommate's SO ordered the package. He explained that his American name was not his legal name. His real name is so foreign most people can't pronounce it. So he stuck with his nickname all his life which is, Dave.

TL;DR Almost got the cops called on me for taking a package and not being able to prove I do in fact live in my own apartment."|xickennoogit|False|https://redd.it/ek0337|122|0.97|0|6|1|tifu
ejtpzg|2020-01-04 07:45:06|TIFU by giving my brothers The Talk|"*Obligatory: didn't happen just today, but might as well share regardless.*

So, backstory, when I was 14, my folks adopted the two kids of some messed up family friends and we discovered they were relatively special needs. More behavioral shit than not, but the way they perceive somethings is just... *special*. My mom passed away a couple years ago, and she was the Parent™ of the family- my dad is a nice guy, but he's not exactly very... parental. SO now, I'm (25, M) and realizing my brothers (13 and 15), we'll call them Aaron and David for the purposes of this story, are in high school and nobody has given them The Talk.

I know for damn sure my dad hasn't, and my mom never did- she would've in time, but alas. I also know they're not the type of kids to just... pick up this kind of information from others or the internet. I knew they had to have shit explained to them. SO, I man up and sit them down one night a few months ago and start explaining stuff- real chill and matter-of-fact. Then I cap things off with the usual ""don't be embarrassed about shit, if you got questions you can always ask me or Dad, and you can always tell me anything."" I was feeling pretty mature and responsible for all of three seconds until David loudly volunteers this delightful information:

""AARON WATCHED THE GUY IN THE APARTMENT ACROSS FROM US MASTURBATE AT NIGHT BECAUSE HE DOESN'T SHUT HIS BLINDS."" And I'm taken aback, like damn, okay. So I ask Aaron-

""Dude, why?"" so he shrugs and explains it's just pure curiosity. I can get that. But then he elaborates:

""And ONE night it looked like he was sticking a ketchup bottle on his penis!"" And again, I'm taken aback- my brain is trying to reason why I ever needed to know this and figure out what the heck this ketchup bottle thing is at the same time. So I think aloud,

""It was probably just a fleshlight."" As soon as I said that, I knew I was going to have to explain what it was- *drat* \-but I didn't get the chance because Aaron enlighted me with another absolute banger:

""Oh I've done that. It was NOT comfortable at all!"" *what the fuck*. I look over at David who is clearly loving how this conversation has turned into a horrific train-wreck, he looks at me- also probably thinking 'what the fuck'. So I manage to wheeze,

""What?!!""

Aaron thinks this is hilarious and is dying laughing while I'm trying to say something other than 'what'. Finally, he explains that he took the battery pack out of one of those dollar store LED lights he had- the tube shaped ones, and stuck his dick in it. As I'm trying to process this information, and still trying to verbally get past ""What?!"" David chimes the hell in, and asks (like the imp that he is),

""Did it still work afterwards?!"" Aaron is confused, and assures him that yes it worked, and after all why wouldn't it? David insists,

""Because of all the SEMEN!"" Now, I'm dying- maybe literally, I need my fucking inhaler- for real. This is a disaster, and I can't tell if I'm laughing or just wheezing that loudly. Aaron, now finally grossed out, insists that he couldn't ""finish"" inside because, like he said, it was too uncomfortable. I manage to ask what he did with the fucked flashlight, he threw it away- and as a bonus round, I clarify that people don't generally fuck flashlights and explain what a fleshlight is, best as I can.

Fast forward to maybe a week or so ago, and I'm joking with my brothers, I make a jab about the flashlight- and how I'm now scarred for life. David decides to exploit this opportunity to suggest he has another similarly out-of-pocket story to share, and I'm thinking... I would probably be better off not hearing this, but it could be something they genuinely need advice on- so once again I man up and brace myself for this horror.

He explains that when he first started growing hair 'down there', he tried trimming it with scissors. That was it. Phew. That wasn't so bad, my brain is ready to segue into explaining about manscaping when Aaron interjects-

""NOT ME! I just RIPPED MY HAIR OUT!""

Once again, I'm in orbit- tryna grab onto something. David is laughing his ass off, Aaron is a tad bewildered- but laughing as well, as one does. He continues,

""It only hurt the first few times I did it!"" I quickly exploit this pause before he starts elaborating further to explain manscaping and such. But now, David will often rib his older brother- ""Did it hurt as bad as RIPPING YOUR HAIRS OUT?!"" to which there is plenty of yelling and brotherly violence.

TL;DR TIFU by telling my brothers they could tell me anything, and they told me *everything*. I was not prepared for any of this shit. I didn't need to know about our masturbating neighbor who doesn't shut his blinds, or that my brother fucked a flashlight or literally ripped his own pubic hair out *multiple times*."|NiteOwl94|True|https://redd.it/ejtpzg|816|0.97|2|51|1|tifu
ek41qe|2020-01-04 23:01:48|TIFU by leaving a kitchen knife in a room with two toddlers|"I have a kid, he turned 3 years recently. Today we had to met our friends, who also have 3yr old daughter. When waiting for our friends, I helped my son to fix his plastic excavator toy. I had to make small holes in it, since it is plastic, I took small kitchen knife and made the holes, so I could replace broken plastic axle with a bit of wire. Anyway, I did it and began to place tools that I took out back into drawers. That was the time our guests came, and I was distracted by their arrival. (I also had to drive my older son's friend, who was at our flat during that time, home). Long story short, I came back and we spent evening with friends chatting and drinking, while our kids (both 3 years old) played together in the room. (My older son played with his phone). When evening had to finish and our friends had to leave, my wife came to the kitchen wielding the knife that and said that she asked me to hide the knife back and it's pure luck that toddlers didn't found it. But when I came back to the room where they played, I found out that sofa (under which I have tossed the knife before I forgot it) is all in the holes, so that meant that my junior son found it and played with it for some time. It was pure luck he didn't cut himself or our friends 3-year old daughter. I feel like a wreck, and my wife now (she also saw the cuts in the sofa) thinks like I'm complete idiot. (probably I deserved it anyway). Just wanted to share.

TL;DR Don't fix your son's toys with a knife; and when you do, don't toss it under sofa. It's one chance in a lifetime that no one got hurt."|throwaway20200305|False|https://redd.it/ek41qe|35|0.85|0|14|1|tifu
ekcjyl|2020-01-05 12:42:45|Tifu by having a radar for people that interest me and stalking a crush acc|"So, for context..I’ve liked somebody for about six years, very unrequited and pretty much I knew them a long time before they somewhat knew me. 

So, because I’ve liked them for a while, we went to school together. We graduated and i still stalked them on social media despite us going to different schools. Due to the fact, I have a somewhat good eye sight for people I take a very very very high interest in, I tend to spot them more often then others I don’t care about. 

Today, I happened to be going to the mall for a present for my friend..along the way, I noticed a guy, who I thought looked similar to the guy I liked but I saw him with a girl. They held hands, and then proceeded to walk into the distance. I watched, thinking to myself, “kinda looks like crush, huh?” But crush had long hair, about shoulder length, but it was shorter much shorter but they also had a beard as well, lowkey they looked like Jesus..but anyways, I was just thinking, “oh, okay, um..coincidence right?” But it’s this was the main mall that everyone goes to but all goods, I just gotta buy my present.

So, on through the day, I come home. I think about what I saw at the mall and thought to myself, “hmm..maybe it was crush, maybe he posted with his girlfriend or something but I didn’t see it?” So I checked his acc, that I followed and saw that there was no photo of him or her or even an updated bio. So I checked the tagged photos and there, I saw it..

A photo of him and her together. I checked her account, and I felt .. heart broken. All there was, was photos of the two of them. I checked her older photos and saw that they had been together since the beginning of 2019 and honestly..I feel so pathetic. 

A girl can always dream. I always wanted to message, thinking I’d have a chance but I don’t. I never did. 

TL;DR - found out that crush had a girlfriend since last year and because of my good observation skills, I found him at the mall with his girlfriend but I had to fully confirm it. I stalked through his account and found out through there. I’m pathetic and never had a chance."|Biz123HO3|False|https://redd.it/ekcjyl|5|0.58|0|17|1|tifu
ek1e1r|2020-01-04 19:46:35|TIFU by pressing -0 on elevator|"So this was like an half an hour ago but not that big. So I was with my family going in the elevator and my mom stumbled on some buttons and we went from the 3rd floor to the 2nd the 1st and then the last one. So me in my dumb curiosity tried to press some buttons so that we could cancel the extra steps to get to the last floor. Then I thought ""what would happen if I press - then 0"". I did it and the elevator went nuts. It started beeping and the door closed and the elevator didn't move and I was like fuck fuck fuck. We spent like 5 minutes there and we had my sister's birthday party and we couldn't be late so we forced the door to open and kind of stuck it. So now I'm at the restaurant typing this and hoping that the elevator didn't break but I think it didn't. So guys never press - and then 0 on an elevator

TLDR: pressed - and 0 on an elevator right before a birthday party got stuck on the elevator"|Quaquepro|False|https://redd.it/ek1e1r|61|0.85|0|11|1|tifu
ejz9sw|2020-01-04 17:12:43|TIFU By Having a One Night Stand|"Technically today because it was around 4am this morning ;)

Lets set the scene. Me and a coworker decided we'd go out last night in Shoreditch, London. We hadn't really planned what we'd do, but just knew we wanted to go have a few drinks and maybe hit up a few clubs. (For the purpose of the story, we both live in London).

I meet him around 4:30pm in a Wetherspoons and get a bite to eat and a few beverages. Another co worker joins us. Around 7pm we start moving on to a few other bars and places. Overall, it was fucking dead in London last night - unbeknownst to us before we actually got out (most likely due to being so close to New Years and most students aren't back at uni yet).

We were having a good time. Co worker 2 is a new dad and has to go home around 10:30pm. This is when me and co worker 1 start walking around Shoreditch High Street trying to find a good club to go in.

Everywhere is D E A D. We go into a few who were offering free shots etc but nothing stood out. We then walked up to a club that had a huge line outside. We thought fuck it, it's probably the only decent one tonight then.

In line we meet a few American's. We all get chatting because I love their accents and they apparently they loved ours. They joined us at the bar and over the course of 2-3 hours a lot of drinks and tequila were consumed between us.

I get talking to probably the hottest girl I've ever spoken to and manage to actually get her back to my flat. Here's a hilarious screenshot of our chat on the dance floor because we couldn't hear each other (shes first and im second, and then it follows the same pattern): [https://imgur.com/gallery/tb4Kbdu](https://imgur.com/gallery/tb4Kbdu)

We get back to mine and we get down to business. I'm eating her out and fingering with absolutely no issues, she was loving it and so was I. We shagged for a bit, again with no issues - everyone's having a great time.

And then she starts to suck my dick. Now, I'm not really sure how or why she did it, but she was using her mouth at the same time as her hand. She pulled real hard downward and I was overcome by a sharp pain. I was so horny and still moderately intoxicated that I just ignored it and started to fuck her again.

So I look down and notice a bit of blood. I stop and asked her if she's expecting her period, and she said no she finished last week. She said maybe I'm too big for her (hahahahaha I highly doubt that boo). She recommended using a condom (I know I should've in the first place) so that's what we did. About 45 seconds later I look down again and the condom literally looks like a blood bag. I start freaking tf out and say ""oh shit thats MY blood!"". She starts freaking out too because apparently there was a lot of blood.

I take the condom off (on my white sheets) and blood starts pissing out all over the shop. I grab some tissues and try to stop the bleeding, which seems to be coming from my banjo string (frenulum). She tore my dick.

We cleaned each other up. I went back down on her to make sure she could tell her friends she had a good time and then we went to sleep.

I'm currently sitting here, 12 hours later, with my dick in ice because its painful.

[If anyone knows how to get blood out of white bed sheets, pls help.](https://imgur.com/a/zyhJjtv) \[kinda NSFW, just some blood on my sheets\].

&#x200B;

TL:DR, met a girl at a club, she yanked on my dick too hard, blood everywhere, soiled sheets."|_lumie|True|https://redd.it/ejz9sw|88|0.88|0|31|1|tifu
ek7uc3|2020-01-05 04:12:43|TIFU by masturbating with a shampoo bottle|"
Okay, so I’m that horny female who owns absolutely no sex toy because I’m too shy to purchase one , even online, so I occasionally resort to using general household items for my solo playtime and tonight was no different.

After a long evening of binge watching a popular stalker series on Netflix, I finally slid into bed, ready for some me time. So I normally just hump my pillow but for some stupid idiotic reason, I decided to use a shampoo bottle instead.
I put on some good porn, slip the bottle right between my legs, squeeze tight and start going at it. 
After a good 10 minutes, I’m done and decide to do the cleanup. Now here’s where the f**k up happens.
The shampoo bottle has a big circular lid you flip to open and close it. Well somewhere along the line, my labium had slid between the lid and lodged itself there and I hadn’t even noticed and kept going. 
Now I could have easily just opened the lid, but instead I panic and rip the whole lid off the bottle and it’s left dangling on my lady parts.
The pain. Holy shit the pain !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sharp stinging pain !!

That lid was just hanging there for about 5 minutes. Kept trying to pry it open but it wouldn’t budge. Just as I was weeping and contemplating to call my sister to come help me, the little fucker finally opened and my labium slipped free!!!!!

Now nursing the pain with a bag of frozen veggies. So swollen and sore :(
Thinking of going on lovehoney tomorrow :(

TL;DR used a shampoo bottle during sexy playtime, labium got stuck in the bottle lid."|Gryfin-hoe|True|https://redd.it/ek7uc3|12|0.64|0|37|1|tifu
ek5lab|2020-01-05 01:02:37|TIFU by wasting hundreds of dollars and weeks of time trying to fix an obvious problem with my GF's car|"SUPER LONG but I have to share.

So I just managed to get my girlfriends car to start after weeks of troubleshooting and damn do I feel like an idiot.

So my girlfriends car has been having tons of problems, particularly with the battery and starting. The vehicle started to refuse to start after a visit to our insurance company for an evaluation about her catalytic converter being sawed off (people suck), so we jumped the car and didn't have an issue. Despite her radio indicating that theft prevention has been enabled, there were no other problems. After driving around and stopping, we noticed the vehicle wouldn't start again. Very confused, we jumped it and got it home. The following days consisted of her using my car to jump her off for work and asking strangers/work buddies for jumps to get home. After we found a free day when we had time to take the vehicle in, we started making calls. Having an external device that draw's power from the battery 24/7, we went to go get her car inspected by the installer of the device. Although helpful, he didn't give us much of an opinion other than that it ""needs a new battery"". We agreed, and since we could only think battery or alternator, it seemed like the case. After buying a new battery (a recycled one, and stupidly left our old one at the store ((which ended up being a TIFU in it's own)), we put the battery in and it VERY reluctantly started up. It seemed as though it was starting to be the ignition or spark plugs/starter, but since it started we thought nothing up it. A few days pass and we notice that the issues begin again with the car being unable to start. Having busy schedules, we were unable to find time to bring the car in and resulted in it sitting while my girlfriend and I carpooled. We're now reaching close to the present, where I realize my absolute major f\*ck up. Time passes and we realize that classes begin this Monday, and since we are both enrolled in school, it will be mandatory that her vehicle is in working order. After taking the vehicle to a close friend for a diagnosis (in TOTAL loss at this point), he tells us with his voltage meter that it's definitely not the alternator, as the battery is being charged. So we decide to buy ANOTHER battery, because what other options are there? Well, no worky worky. With my girlfriend at her wits end, we head it home in hopes of finding SOMEBODY who can diagnose our problem. While conversing, my girlfriend brought up something she remembered from when the insurance company delivered the car: the anti-theft was still engaged. After recently gifting my girlfriend a bluetooth speaker, she had been using it in replace of the radio and didn't often even engage with it, so it wen't relatively unnoticed. We didn't think that could be the cause, but some quick research mentioned something about anti-theft systems disengaging the ignition. This could make sense, but since the car would start EVERY time you'd jump it with cables, it didn't seem plausible that it would be interfering. WELL, IT TOTALLY WAS. 5 seconds after putting that code in, that car turned over and I'd be lying if I didn't say it runs like a god damn Ferrari. I've never been happier to get see a Honda CR-V on the roads. I still can't determine if I can consider it a win or a loss but damn does it feel good to see that thing crank.

&#x200B;

TL/DR: Car wouldn't start for weeks, all I needed to do was disable the anti-theft system"|caldermody|False|https://redd.it/ek5lab|16|0.86|0|2|1|tifu
ek7jqj|2020-01-05 03:46:16|TIFU by rubbing Aunt Jemima syrup on my face|"This happened when I was 13. 

For my birthday, my mom decided it would be a great idea to have my friends come over for a sleep over, and I loved the idea of hosting my first sleepover. I invited around 7 of my closest girl friends and I sat down and researched what a proper girl sleepover should look like. Expectedly, I ended up finding the obvious pillow fights and nail painting tips, but I thought those to be too boring. I wanted something that would have my friends saying “wow this is the best sleepover I ever been to”. After countless hours of research done in vain, I decided to ask some of my guy friends what they do in their own sleep overs. One of my guy friends told me his favorite thing to do with his friends was play truth or dare. 

**Of course! Why didn’t I think of that?!**

And so commence the events leading up to my fuck up. The fateful day of the sleepover  arrives, and everything begins with the traditional nail painting because *what kind of girl sleepover would it be if we didn’t paint each other’s nails?* or at least that’s what I thought at the time. Yet, the night kept unfolding, and I decided it was time to bring out the big guns. I proposed a game of truth or dare, and all the girls loved the idea. 

I had prepared a few dares in mind before that night with advice from my guy friends, so when the first girl (lets call her Harriett) called out that she wanted a dare I fired my ammunition “pour ice down your pants and sit on it for a minute”. All the girls found it hilarious, 13 year olds I guess... yet my blissful self had not realized I had made an enemy out Harriett. 

A bit later, I decided it was time to stop being a pussy and ask for a dare. I thought I was safe too, because the girl who asked me was one of the nicest ones there. What I didn’t account for in all her niceness was her inability to come up with any dare at all. And this is when Harriett snatched at the opportunity, and declared the deadly shot: “rub syrup on your face” 

I ain’t a pussy of course, so I proudly got up and deliberately walked to the kitchen, a cocky hop in my step. All the girls followed me like a harem, laughing. I did not hesitate to rub a considerable amount of Aunt Jemima syrup on my face. 

All the girls laughed, and Harriett was content with the dare. So, I decided that was enough for me and went to the sink to wash everything off... 

And lo and behold, the water wasn’t running... Anywhere in the house! At this point my face started stinging badly. Some of my friends pointed out my face was getting a little red. I cried out to my mom and she came out to find a group of half laughing/ half mortified 13 year old girls, with her daughter wearing an Aunt Jemima syrup mask at the center of it all. 

We ended up washing away the syrup with the cold gallon of water in my fridge, and I ended up with a red rash on my face as my battle scar all night. Worst of it all: the water came right back just minutes after I was done washing it off. 

Being cool ain’t worth the syrup on your face kids, heed my advice

tl;dr : I wanted to make my sleep over one to remember so I proudly rubbed Aunt Jemima syrup on my face as a dare. There wasn’t any water to wash it off with quickly enough so I ended up with a mortifying rash on my face."|PrettysureBushdid911|False|https://redd.it/ek7jqj|7|0.75|0|2|1|tifu
ek10x1|2020-01-04 19:19:40|TIFU by opening the refrigerator|"Okay so here we go, I work second shift and often long hours, getting off work at about 530am, I went to my girlfriends house to go to sleep and spend the next day with her. I am groggy and very tired from the day and ready to just crash into bed, but first a glass of water was in order. I went to the refrigerator (side by side with freezer on one side and refrigerator on the other side) and opened it up. Immediately a large container of cottage cheese (about even with my head in height since the side by side has higher shelves) falls to the tile floor, exploding on impact. Cottage cheese shot straight up into my face and ran down my clothes, cottage cheese covered the cabinets and also made a large pool around the broken container. This was large curd too! We’re not talking small curd. I stood in shock... not knowing what to do or where to even begin with this mess. Ended up taking me about 45 minutes to clean. Cleaned my face off in the sink, cheese clothes went into the laundry machine, and I scooped handfuls of curds into the trash before cleaning the surfaces with damp paper towels, fun fact- since cottage cheese is a solid and liquid, you can neither effectively wipe it or pick it up. Yes... wasn’t the worst thing to happen, but when you’re that tired and just want to go to sleep, having some cottage cheese explosion to clean is pretty awful. Also the entire time I’m raging on why someone would have left it leaning against the door like some kind of dairy curd booby trap

TLDR - Got curd bombed"|chadfedora|False|https://redd.it/ek10x1|30|0.81|0|2|1|tifu
ekauqh|2020-01-05 09:24:29|TIFU by taking 3 of my ADHD pills amd now i cant have an erection nor sleep|"Today i fucked up bad! Ok so i have severe ADHD amd it is really hard for me to concentrate so i take medications for it but they barely work. The point is i had to do a lot of homework and had to clean up my room amd my dumbass first decision was to take not 1 not 2 but 3 of my amphetamine salt 15 mg(prescribed) 2 at the same time and one like 30 minutes later. It worked it worked really well but now its 4am and i cant have a boner. Like its not just a normal disfunction im saying i barely can feel exited and my penis feels extremely wimpy like a peace of slime and its the size of my pinky finger. Like its usually about 4 and a half inches when soft ( im 15yo idk if it matters) but its like 2 inches right now and kinda cold i also cant feel that ""exited"" even if i try. I even tried watching ""adult content"" but nothing. Right now its 4:08 and im watching the simpsons because i cant sleep nor masturbate. Is it permanent guys? And if not what do i do?

TL;DR i took pills to consentrate and now i cant sleep or have a boner"|aperapnwitagap223|False|https://redd.it/ekauqh|0|0.5|0|23|1|tifu
ejoapg|2020-01-04 00:08:42|TIFU by dreaming I was chewing gum, but it was really my earplugs|"That’s basically the whole story. I’ve been working 3rd shift all week so I was wearing earplugs to help sleep through the noise of day time. I must have taken them out in my sleep and was holding them. 

I remember it started with me dreaming and wondering  “why am I holding this gum instead of chewing it” so I put the ‘gum’ in my mouth. 
I must have started slowly waking up after putting the ‘gum’ in my mouth because this stream of thoughts commenced:

 “ugh no wonder I was holding it, there’s no flavor left” 

Then, my slightly more conscious self thinks “well duh there’s no flavor you’ve been chewing it for hours”.

that  makes sense- *continues chewing* 

Shortly after: “why am I chewing gum, didn’t I brush my teeth before bed?” 

Then the realization: “these are my f**ing earplugs”

TL;DR If you fall asleep with earplugs and wake up chewing gum, it’s probably not gum."|almostNP|False|https://redd.it/ejoapg|914|0.98|0|55|1|tifu
ejfok7|2020-01-03 13:54:31|TIFU by asking my wife to re-align my dick|"Some context first.  


My wife, like many women is very fond of long nails, and so never cuts or files them down, this has led to oh so many instances of her stabbing, scratching or nicking me on my hands, arms, legs etc, most recently my ankle until now.  


We are a few days away from our 5 year anniversary and we've got a holiday planned for a few days, she was concerned that she might get her period while we are away and we hadn't had sex for a week, so she decides that while the kids are busy, we should get busy too, I insisted that we wait so it will be better once we are away, but she starts getting frisky anyway, we're kissing a bit, getting very heated but my silly willy is a left-inclined bastard, so I ask her to reach down and re-centre it for me so it isn't painful while we have some over the clothes action. She agrees, and what starts out as very pleasurable skin to skin touching, suddenly turns to sharp agony.  


I let out a pained ""owww"" with my mouth frozen wide, she  has a look of horror upon her face as she starts apologising profusely. I ask that she remove her hand immediately and she does, trying to reassure me that I'm fine. I disagree and quickly go to assess the damage, I see blood and that's never what you want to see down there if you're a bloke.  
Turns out she managed quite the stabby stabs and I take my leave for a moment laying down to try and relax.  
Luckily the damage wasn't as bad as it felt, but I definitely will be doing my own tucking from now on.  


tldr: Got frisky with some over the clothes action, wife tries to reposition my penis, stabs it violently with sharp nails instead."|Takoshi88|True|https://redd.it/ejfok7|17582|0.85|0|868|1|tifu
ejoo7i|2020-01-04 00:35:38|TIFU I cried in the red light district|"A few buddies and I are traveling in Thailand and we went to the local red light district last night. I have never paid for sex but my buddies really wanted to see this district after reading about it online. We’re young, horny, and in Thailand - when in Rome right?

We ambled down the main avenue after exiting the skytrain station, and turned on our handy mobile guide for the night. As our blue dot on the Google map app inched closer to our final destination, we saw hotels catering to “business travelers, tourists, and lovers” that charged by the hour. Promising. Closer still we passed street vendors selling various configurations of lingerie and sex toys. I was semi erect.

At the corner of fake Cialis and condoms, we made a turn into a little side street off the main avenue and entered the promised land. I basked in the glow of neon lights and savored every sensation the promised land offered: the indistinct drum of club music, old white men with weathered skin in shorts getting cozy with street walkers in impossibly high heels, faceless ladies grabbing my arm enticing me to go into their bars. I was a kid in a candy store.

We ended up in a 3 or 4-story plaza that seemed tame on the ground level. But as we headed up the second level, things got spicy, to say the least. I finally ended up chatting with a lady in leather lingerie holding an authoritative whip in her hand. She ordered me to go into the bar, and she didn’t take no for an answer. It didn’t help that I was totally turned on, and my buddies literally pushed me inside when they realized I was trapped by a dominatrix hottie.

After a few drinks and polite conversation, my leather-clad friend encouraged me to take a “room upstairs”. I didn’t have the courage to say yes. Even the buzz of alcohol didn’t calm my nerves. But my friends wouldn’t stop badgering me to take her upstairs, and finally under pressure I caved.

I sat on the edge of the mattress, naked. I tried to engage her in more conversation but she just ordered me to shut up and started lashing me. I was a nervous wreck and I didn’t know what to do. My boner had left me at the door. All I felt in the strangely quiet “room upstairs” was shame, sadness for the lady whipping me, and the rhythmic sting of faux leather tickling my skin. I don’t know how long this had gone on, maybe a minute, maybe more. Time flowed at a different pace. As I pondered my escape and the tragedy that brought this lady to this desperate place, I felt moisture on my thigh. I looked up to see if there was a leak in the ceiling, only to realize the drops were my tears. I was crying but not because I was into erotic humiliation. Unfortunately, she thought I was, and my tears only encouraged her to whip harder. When I pushed her whip away, I brushed past the crotch of her mini lingerie and realized I was dealing with a ladyboy.

I cried harder. She (he?) must have thought I was deep into pleasure from the humiliation because she just laughed more. I was a naked, sobbing mess of a man. She asked me “what’s wrong honey?” in that mocking way. But it wasn’t funny or sexy. She bent over, looked between my legs, and asked in that grating voice “you no hard? I got viagra honey, extra baht”. I quickly put on my shorts and shirt, and ran out the door. She didn’t try to stop me. After all, she already got paid. The last thing I remember of that place was the boom boom boom of club music drowning out her fading, cackling laugh.

Somehow I stumbled back to the skytrain station and made it back to my hotel. I was never so glad to be alone with my Chang beer. I’m sad for her/him, honestly I am. But I’m also furious. My buddies knew this was a ladyboy bar. They pushed me and ditched me. I’m angry at myself most of all for thinking I was ready to pay for sex. Turns out I’m not. If only there is a convenient way to delete memories...

TL;DR: I wasn’t ready to pay for sex but I caved in to peer pressure. I ended up sad and in tears."|thaiconfidential|True|https://redd.it/ejoo7i|740|0.89|0|149|1|tifu
ejzvlv|2020-01-04 17:56:26|TIFU by blowing my nose on bread|"*Tl;dr - blew my nose on a slice of bread when I was in elementary school, it sometimes gets mentioned and makes me wanna move to Alaska.*

This incident actually happened 11 years ago, but it still haunts me. 

It was the first week of my first grade, new environment, new faces, new everything.Made some ""friends"" and we hung out, you know the usual elementary school stuff.

So we go have lunch on the school cafeteria and all my class (16 guys , 8 gals) sat on the same table. I don't remember what we were doing exactly, but I think we were waiting for our food to be served. 

I remember I had a runny nose, and just saw bread slices on the corner of my eye. I just took that shit, and said :

""Guys check this out!""

And proceeded to violate that innocent slice of bread with my runny nose. Queue people laughing and being disgusted by my act of stupidity. I remember my grade teacher was so fucking shocked at what I did for a few seconds, and then helped me clean up and hide what I had just done.

Whatever, I didn't care at the time. And when I grew up , I realised what I'd done and the consequences that came after. I am still friends with some of the people that were present that day , and they periodically mention 

""Hey remember when u/blendid blew his nose on bread""? 

And *everytime* it gets mentioned, I die on the inside and want to get a degree on quantum physics so I can invent a time machine to just kick my past self on the ribs."|blendid|False|https://redd.it/ejzvlv|26|0.86|0|6|1|tifu
ejys7x|2020-01-04 16:36:27|TIFU My teacher saw po*n pics on my phone|"Sorry for any typos or mistakes. I am writing from my phone and English isn’t my first language. Thanks for understanding 

This happened like a year or two ago but it “hit” me just today.
I really wanted to be a hacker or an IT guy back in the days so I was doing some weird things on the school computers but never something that could ruin them or break them ( flip the screen, restart pc when clicked on chrome etc.) it always got fixed by our IT teacher and nothing came of it. Until one day when I “cracked” the school WiFi that only teachers had access to. I later also got to see all the IP adresses that were connected to the network ( netstat was it I think ) and found out that most of them were school printers. So I started to print out many images such as memes, pictures of random classes ( so they would think that the pics were send from there ) and sometimes just a blank paper.  One day however I was sitting in the library with my laptop and I decided to print picture of the library. A teacher immediately rushed in and asked me if I was the one who printed the picture. I denied it and so she asked me to show her my phone. Stupid me gave my phone to her and told her my passcode. She went to the history of my browser she immediately found the IP’s of the printers and showed them to me. I started to shake. The school I was going in was a private catholic and prestige and my parents were paying a lot of money for it. I was worried that I would get kicked and that my parents would stop caring about me. I started to panic and asked the teacher to not tell my parents. She agreed under the circumstance that I would give her my phone so she could find out which printers were “attacked” ( all of them ) and that she could show it to the principal and think of a punishment for me. I agreed and gave her my phone. She didn’t knew that all the previous pictures were sent from my laptop and I got to keep it. I quickly left the school and the following day I got called to the principals office. They returned my phone and told me that they were looking through the deleted photos ( i had an iPhone ) and they found the picture of the library and also a picture of the login information of my teacher to the grading system. At the time I had no idea that there were deleted photos on iPhone I could access. I started apologizing and I got a warning from my class teacher ( which in my country is a big deal ) and also a award from the principal for helping them exploit the possible future problems. I tough nothing of it and moved on with my life. Recently I looked through the deleted photos and found out that at the time they were looking through my phone I had deleted a few juicy porn pics that I would save if they were good for a future fap and delete them afterwards. I was wondering the whole time why the teacher started avoiding me in the hallways and never looked me in the eyes. I just realized and I feel so stupid and ashamed. Good thing I went to a another school and don’t have to care about it anymore

TL;DR I allowed my teacher access to my phone and photos. She probably found porn pics that I didn’t knew were still there."|5c0rch3|False|https://redd.it/ejys7x|29|0.68|0|16|1|tifu
ek5n2x|2020-01-05 01:06:33|TIFU by insisting a woman was in the wrong seat|"So, today i went to the movies with some friends. We went inside, and most of us waited for food, but one of my friends went to our reserved seats because they weren't getting anything. This is where the fuckup begins.

I'm waiting in line, and i get a text from my friend that went to the seats, saying someone was in my seat. In fact, a whole family was in sitting partially in our reserved seats. I told her to ask them to move and sent her a copy of the ticket for proof. Of course, she tells me to do it, so i agree. 

One overpriced bucket of popcorn and large drink later, i stumble into the theater with my arms full. I find the aisle where my friend is, and, sure enough, she is sitting by a family taking up about five seats. I glance at the label on the armrest and, sure enough, it says 11, which was my seat, and i thought my friend had 12, which was also taken by them.

So, i told the lady ""Excuse me, but i think you and your family have the wrong seats"" she pulls out her phone and starts checking her tickets, and i do the same. Somewhat rudely, she tells me that in fact, they are the right seats, and would not be moving. So, i did the asshole move and counted the seats. I was halfway down the row when I realised something, the number was on the armrest, not the seat it's self, and corresponded to the seat to the right of the number. It was at that moment that I realized i argued somewhat loudly with a woman and her family in a movie theater over seats for no reason.

My friend realized it at the same time as me, and was so embarrassed, and apologized to both of us for confusing things. The lady who i argued with was still pissseeeddddd, and I had to sit uncomfortably by her for the next two hours.

Tldr: My friend told me someone took our seats, sparking an argument that i lost"|jeepers_skooby|False|https://redd.it/ek5n2x|8|0.74|0|3|1|tifu
ekj9hn|2020-01-05 21:21:30|TIFU by revealing my identity while selling fake nudes|"So I’ve been doing this for 4 years now. On daily I make at least $40-$50 without trying. I really go all the way to fool guys/girls who think I’m a girl. 

I have a snapchat that I can post on my stories/send selfies to people that looks like I took it. I have videos and more. 

I recently started grinding much more than usual to save up for something I need. So today was my biggest earning as one dude paid for $80 worth of stuff I have.

So he sent it. I then sent him videos that I had already backed up and ready to send. He then asked to see a live selfie (on Snapchat) so I did my usual trick, and tried to post from my camera roll photos but pressed the wrong thing. 

I ended up video calling him and he picked up and saw me. I quickly tried to end the call and it was too late. He showed a screenshot and now I’m fucked. 

TLDR; I, a dude, sell fake girl nudes for the past 4 years and today I fucked up by revealing what I look like on snapchat by pressing the wrong button when I tried to send a fake selfie. The wrong button being a video call button and the dude screenshot my face."|ScuffedMorganFreeman|False|https://redd.it/ekj9hn|0|0.36|0|19|1|tifu
ejmvks|2020-01-03 22:25:36|TIFU by trying to break into someone's car|"Today I was leaving the mall and walking to my car. I walked to the passenger side to unlock the car because my driver side lock is broken. As I bent down to unlock the door I saw someone sitting in the driver's seat. I was very confused, but my knee jerk reaction was that someone had broken into my car. I shouted ""Hey! Excuse me!"", And tried to open the door. The guy's expression was bewildered. After about 10 seconds of confused shouting on both ends, it dawned on me. I turned around, and two spots away, hidden behind another car, was my car. The two were identical. 

I apologized profusely, but I was so embarrassed that I don't actually know how well I conveyed my mistake to this poor guy. 

TL;DR: I thought someone else had broken into my car, turns out I was the one trying to break into his."|ForrestGotGumption|False|https://redd.it/ejmvks|764|0.97|0|68|1|tifu
ejyx2r|2020-01-04 16:46:40|TIFU by accidentally asking out my friend|"Throwaway because she uses reddit as well. I’m going to keep this is as vague as possible in order to not arouse suspicion.

So me being a socially awkward idiot has very few friends. So of course not knowing what and what not to say, I joke to one of my friends over text that I like her. Hoping to follow up with a sappy joke, the whole thing backfires as she tells me the feelings mutual.

Realizing that it would be too weird if I told her it’s a joke and that I’m not actually interested in her, I played along and am now in a relationship I had no intent of entering.

I am now currently “going out” with what will soon be my ex-friend because I don’t know social boundaries or have the balls to tel her it’s a joke.

Send help.

TLDR; Told a girl I liked her for a joke, am now in a relationship."|AskedOutAccidentally|False|https://redd.it/ejyx2r|21|0.76|0|20|1|tifu
ejvzrm|2020-01-04 12:16:58|TIFU by wearing a cute top.|"Firstly, this did happen today. Secondly, sorry for the formatting... I'm on mobile.  


Anyways, I was walking around the mall today and saw this pretty cute white top. I'm a pretty chubby female, so even though I can fit M size, I would prefer a size bigger like L. The cute white top looks pretty baggy, and the size says XL. So I thought why not. I picked up the shirt and went to try it on.  


Well guess what. The label lied. It may look baggy and the size says XL, but the cutting was actually pretty tight and it hugged your entire body and curves. I could barely bend down without the image of the shirt being ripped open like I'm The Hulk flashing across my mind.  


Okay, tough luck then. Goodbye cute white top. Well, I wanted to say goodbye. But the shirt refused. And this is where I fucked up. The shirt is supposed to be zipped up from the back. When I put it on, I can't even pull the zip up to halfway. Big red flag... but my dumbass forced it anyway. And when I tried to get it off... the zip won't budge. It got stuck. I was stuck in that tight ass shirt. I panicked. Brief image of me as The Hulk. I can't get it out through my head, and I also can't get it out through my waist. So what I did? Sheer brute force.  


Heard a rip. Got the shirt off. Checked the zip. Yep. It ripped. Badly. Remember I saw the sign ""Any tear found on clothes after trying will be considered sold""... something like that. Went out the fitting room, saw the sales assistant busy playing her phone. Put the not-so-cute top back to its rack... and scurried out of the shop.  


I know I should have paid for it... I was the one who damaged it. But I got panicked and the shirt costs way more than it should. I'll be living with this haunting memory for a long, long time.  


TL;DR: Hulk should have known better than to force a tight ass shirt on even though it looks cute."|depressivebumhole69|False|https://redd.it/ejvzrm|48|0.87|0|6|1|tifu
ejs9j2|2020-01-04 05:19:32|TIFU thinking I was telling just my bf that I'd dribble his balls in my mouth|"Keeping it short. Bought an alexa show and echo dot on Black Friday, thought I was super trendy up until tonight when I accidentally sent a message to my family's TVs which are equipped with fire sticks. Spent the holidays with bf and family and they all loved my new echo show, kids fighting over and demanding which songs to play. Fast forward to tonight when boyfriend was playing rocket league and complained about something along the lines of dribbling a ball so I decided it would be hysterical if I made an announcement in private to us in our apartment that I'm going to dribble my boyfriends balls in my mouth. Got a call from my sister moments later interrogating me on what I said and how her daughter is now traumatized thinking that the person talking through their TV was a perverted ghost that sounds like her aunt. FYI: I've never dribbled balls in my mouth, this was a fluke. Kill me now.

TL;DR: I didn't understand how Alexa works, close family members heard announcement about how I want to dribble bfs balls in my mouth."|urfavweaponOG|False|https://redd.it/ejs9j2|165|0.91|0|19|1|tifu
ejy78s|2020-01-04 15:50:40|TIFU Applying to College as a Fictional Race UPDATE|"So, I've been accepted to 2 schools even with my screw up but turns out that old mess is the least of my problems right now. After a conversation with my parents they wouldn't drop the Yuan-Ti thing. They apologized for telling me but not for lying, for telling me ""this way."" After some argument I told them I was gonna live on campus in a dorm and they said that I couldn't, and they wouldn't financially support me if I tried. Their reason was ""I would be too far from the shrine for too long."" I took apart their shrine since nobody was home, I hope that wasn't too mean. Also some of you wondered my actual Heritage it turns out my great-grandmother was actually native but I won't be cashing in on that. And as for what tribe I don't know. She was kicked out or something and didn't talk about it before she died.

TLDR; College still accepted me. My parents insist I am native Yuan-Ti and won't help me pay for college if I live on campus for superstitious reasons. Confirmed that I am 1/8 native from my great-grandmother but of mystery tribe."|stplkinatmswn|False|https://redd.it/ejy78s|22|0.77|0|22|1|tifu
ek33j5|2020-01-04 21:50:28|TIFU by feeling around my boxers!|"It all started around 6 am this morning, I took a bath to help relieve this pain I had around my butt.

It definitely helped and their was no pain surprisingly! I felt fantastic and dried off and went back to bed, however I noticed after 5 minutes that my boxers felt wet.

Being the dumb ass I am I decided to feel around underneath my boxers. What I felt I can only describe as watery but slippery. Since the lights were off I took my hand out and flashed my phone’s light on it.

My whole finger was covered in puss and blood mixture!! I immediately got up and checked my sheets on my bed and where I was laying was also covered in it!

I ended up going to the bathroom and washed my hands and then started the dreadful clean up around my butt and what I now know was a huge blister! Took almost a whole roll of toilet paper before it stopped leaking out puss.

It is still currently leaking out blood occasionally but thankfully I have it under control!




Tl:dr Pain in butt, took bath, went to bed and was covered in puss."|Galagors|True|https://redd.it/ek33j5|7|0.75|0|18|1|tifu
ejuspz|2020-01-04 09:52:43|TIFU by Tearing My Frenulum (banjo string of your penis)|"TLDR: I was tired of my frenulum being choked out by a small piece of debris, so I took matters into my own hands, literally. Unfortunately, my grip must have been too strong because I tore it in two, and now I might have to wake my dad up on his birthday to get my penis looked at by a doctor. 


Well, here I lie at 3am in the morning, scouring the internet to figure out just how fucked I am, wondering how it all could have gone wrong. 

To begin, let me explain what a frenulum is. The frenulum of the penis is the little piece of skin that connect to the head from the bottom of the penis. It’s wrinkly and can be removed during circumcision: I am circumcised, but I still have (or had lol) my frenulum. A delightful little area of the penis, and highly sensitive. 

Anyway, it all began about a year ago when I was having some time to myself and noticed that I had a piece of lint or string somehow wrapped around my frenulum. This was very off because I never even realized that skin was there or that there was an underside to it. So, I try to pull it off. It is tightly wrapped around and it hurt incredibly bad to pull. Being 17 at the time, I did not want to explain to my parents that “my penis had a tiny string attached to it” so, I figured I’d wait and it would eventually fix itself. 

Fast forward to a couple days ago. And it still was wrapped around, but now I was determined. I finally said enough. I took my electric shaver and carefully ran it along the top. Success, I got it off. The plague had ended and I was free, or so I wish I was. 

Now come to tonight. After I had finally cut the varmint loose and freed my noodle, it was not all smooth sailing. The skin looked kind of weak and still ached quite badly. Fortunately, it seemed strong and I was able to relieve myself without much trouble. Well, that was until about an hour. 

I am sitting in bed, about to go to sleep so I can get good rest for my dads birthday tomorrow, when I decide it would be a good time to cap off the night with a good ole fashion tug fest. Unsurprisingly, I grab some lotion and head to some material to get going. 

Almost instantly I felt an intense pain right in the nether regions. I reflexively sit up and turn on the flashlight on my phone. I notice one of my greatest fears. My dick is bleeding. My frenulum, or banjo string, had finally had enough. It had ripped near the top of my head and was crying out in anguish. 

Logically, I jump out of bed and into the shower to clean it off. I only use water because wtf do you use for a bleeding penis? I didn’t know. I get out and immediately begin research. It’s 2 in the morning and the last thing I want to do is wake my dad up (I’m 18 in college but living w parents during holiday) and have him drive me to the ER for a broken dick on his birthday. 

Luckily, I didn’t need to go to the ER from what I read, but I am still freaking out because maybe I should have and maybe my sex life has ended before it started. Instead of an arrow to the knee I took a stroke to the frenulum. 

Now, if you’re familiar with this type of injury you’ll know that it will usually heal on its own. Unfortunately, as far as I could tell that is only for partial tears. Mine is like a rope cut into two pieces. It doesn’t hurt too much anymore, and I have washed it and have it wrapped up rn to sleep with. 

If you have any advice or words of wisdom for these please let me know, because somehow tomorrow on my dads birthday I’ll have to ask him to help me setup a doctors appointment to see if I need to get my frenulum removed. So, wish me luck, and stroke softly."|ThrowAwayAccountDoin|True|https://redd.it/ejuspz|54|0.84|0|33|1|tifu
ek7ity|2020-01-05 03:44:06|TIFU the whole steak dinner for the family.|"So this is my first post here... this happened about an hour ago.

I seasoned 2 large New York strips and 1 T-bone steak with a dry rub. Spent my time slow cooking it on low heat while meticulously taking care to get them just right. I made it with love and care... taking time to let it soak up the juices and make sure its n too rare or too well done. And bing-bang-boom- about 30 minutes later I have 3 perfectly cooked steaks done. So I get put the big serving platter, neatly slice them into thin strips and making them look good. They were arranged like a picture you'd see in an advertisement at a restaurant. I was satisfied with my family dinner.  So I pick up the platter to bring to the table and the ^Worst-Thing-Imaginable happens... I trip en route and tip the whole fucking entree over and it falls face down onto the carpet. All my efforts gone to waste... I'm baffled. 

 I pick it up quickly and throw it back on the plate.  And get to cleaning so it doesnt stain the ^white-fucking-carpet... after i finish i decide that i cant just throw the food away. What do I do? I had to fucking wash all the meat. I watch in horror as I wash away all the flavors and juices down the drain.

So next I re-season the meat strips and throw it on the stove top. Reheating it and killing all the possible germs on med/high heat.

And we ate salty-very-well-done beef. I turned my nice homecooked (not to mention expensive) steak dinner into cheap over cooked strips of beef. It was like the shitty day old steak you'd take home from your buddy's backyard grill out that he just threw on the heat.

TLDR: I wasted time cooking 3 good cuts of steak just to drop it, wash under the sink, and then burned the germs away so I didnt have to waste food."|chrisistophere|False|https://redd.it/ek7ity|3|0.56|0|0|1|tifu
ek6xc5|2020-01-05 02:52:36|TIFU by curiosity searching|"So earlier today i watched the don't fuck with cars documentary on Netflix, as did both of my parents. I was talking on the phone with my girlfriend when i got curious if the 1 lunatic 1 ice pick video was still uploaded somewhere. Being the naive teen i decided to look it up for myself, But i have had experience with the because some of my friends like to fuck around with dark web stores so i figured this would be a click bait mundane website.Once  I clicked on the first link and I was brought to a website full of information on luka magnotta I thought  maybe the video would be here, and to my surprise at the very bottom of this page was the full video. I briefly skimmed through it and regretted it instantly never have i been more mortified by something I've seen on the internet. I instantly had a sickening feeling in my gut like i was gonna throw up and the ice cream i was gonna eat while watching Netflix just didn't even look good any more. 

tl;dr: i curiosity searched 1 lunatic 1 ice pick and gained a new biggest regret"|macedoku|True|https://redd.it/ek6xc5|2|0.63|0|16|1|tifu
ek98by|2020-01-05 06:19:51|TIFU by humiliating my girlfriend|"Obligatory not today. For context I'm a bit of a sneaker lover. Me and my dad share a good collection of shoes.  Once I was at school with my gf. We were in the school gym. I was laying on her shoulder, and I was staring at her kicks. I noticed her shoes were a model I've never seen before. They seemed to have ultra boost sole but the upper part didn't quite match. Since I don't know a lot about Adidas I asked her what was the model, before she could even respond I said: ""they seem to have ultra boost sole but I've never seen that model"" and I grabbed the sole. Again before she could even say anything I said: ""oh, that's definitely not ultra boost"". And I asked: ""how come they seem to be ultra boost but not actually have ultra boost sole? That's a weird move by Adidas"". She said ""well I don't know maybe it's an older model"" and tried to change subject. To make it even more awkward I said ""that's really weird babe I didn't think Adidas would do something like that"". Well, it's because Adidas wouldn't do something like that. She awkwardly replied ""it's because they aren't Adidas"". To further dig my own grave I asked ""but what do you mean they aren't Adidas if they say it right there"". She blushed and replied in the most embarrassed tone ""it's because they aren't authentic, they're fake"".
I finally understood and just said ""oh ok"" and laid against her shoulder again.
I've never seen her with that pair again. Sorry babe.
TL ; DR I'm a sneaker lover and made my gf admit her sneakers were fake without me actually knowing they were fake. She's never worn that pair since."|xXcochi11Xx|False|https://redd.it/ek98by|2|0.52|0|8|1|tifu
ek6or5|2020-01-05 02:32:31|TIFU at a casino, with an unstartable car and a discarded ice cream|"This is a funny story that happened to myself 6 years ago, I drove to the casino to meet up with some mates after work on a Thursday night. Also I live in Perth Australia.
Enjoy 😬

I parked at the casino in the morning as it was free parking versus the crazy $15+ parking in
the city. I finished work and went on my way back to the casino for dinner and what turned
out to be a decent hour of gambling. When the night was over I made my way back to car I
parked in the morning, whipped out my key (keep in mind that this is one of those thick
square keys that flip out from a shell) and pressed the button to flip out the key, but no key
flipped. Anyway, panic starts to set in when I notice that there was no key at all. So I press
the unlock button on shell so I can at least get in the car. What could have happened to my
key? I have a look into the ignition - there it is! I think to myself well it must have snapped it
off this morning when I parked the car. I figure I might be able to start the car with another
key if it's stuck in there - no luck. Tired and grumpy, I call the RAC and they proceed to send
a tow truck (In hindsight this wasn't necessary). They lady on the phone tells me it will be at
least 50-70 minutes for the truck to get here, so I decide to go get myself a McFlurry and a
water from McDonalds - 15 minutes later, straight after acquiring my delicious ice cream and
water, I get a phone call. The tow truck is not only here 40-60 minutes early, the driver has
been trying to call me for 5 minutes. While hurrying my way over to the truck, I think to
myself “I’d better not let the guy see my with this McFlurry after he’s been waiting for so
long..”, and with instant regret I threw away my McFlurry without a single taste of its
deliciousness. I meat my greasy saviour at the front of the parking complex and show him to
my car, he proceeds to tell me that because it was on the second floor, he needed a different
car to maneuver it out of that tricky parking lot, and said car won’t be available until the
morning. Great. The time was now 10:30PM and I had now accepted defeat for tonight. I
called upon uber, the world's best taxi service, to get me home. I set my alarm early and go
to bed with a determination to get this sorted myself. I wake up and gather the spare set of
keys and my tools, a pair of needle nose plyers and a can of multipurpose lubricant, and set
off on the train. I’ve now walked to the car from burswood station and started spraying the
lubricant, I try the pliers and no luck, they were too thick. Defeated, I call Lock, Stock &
Farrell, the locksmiths with the best name in Perth. They arrived at 9:30. The guy grabbed a
thin serrated looking wire from his van and tried for a minute to get the key out. He gives up
on that and says to me “You’ve done a number on this”. Then he grabs my spare key and
tries to budge what he thought was a very jammed key, and then strangely, the key goes all
the way in, he turns the key, and just like magic the car starts. He looks up to me with a
pitying face and says “Yeah there’s no key in there”. Well then, don’t I look like a right fool.
Turns out the key hole has a flap of some sought that makes it look like there’s a key in
there. So I paid the call out fee and get out of there as quickly as possible.

TL;DR; I’m an idiot"|simcox90|False|https://redd.it/ek6or5|3|0.63|0|3|1|tifu
ejy6mc|2020-01-04 15:49:18|TIFU by 'giving' my friend back a present.|"So my friend got me a pair of mid-range earphones for Christmas which sold for about $100 (one of those razor ones), which I didn't really need then. So I decided to sell it. Obviously he didn't give me a receipt so I can't refund it or get an upgrade by paying more. I then thought of selling it on carousell because it didn't require me to be an official retailer or anything. 

I decided to sell it for a slightly lower price to get rid of it as quickly as possible, and was quite shocked by how fast I got my first interested buyer, but I didn't sell it to that first person because he lived to far away and timings didn't match. 

After waiting for another day, I saw another interested buyer and thankfully our timings match and s/he lived/worked nearby. We settled the date and time to meet. 

But I noticed that the username seems awfully similar to my friend's, since the first name and number of the username matches up. But I went to find his account to double check and it wasn't. 

On the day that we met I saw my friend at the place and time of meeting and thought it was a coincidence so we talked for a bit. 

'So what are you here for?' I asked, and he replied with 
'Oh I'm waiting for my carousell guy.'

And I was shocked, then I answered 'Oh shit, is your username xxx?' He looked at me and nodded, and there was an awkward silence for a bit. 

He told me that he had another carousell account since he couldn't log in to his usual one, and I ended up taking back the gift and apologising cause I felt super bad about it. 

TLDR: My friend got me a gift for Christmas, and I almost sold it back to him for almost the same price."|uselessweeb557|False|https://redd.it/ejy6mc|13|0.76|0|1|1|tifu
ejbyzx|2020-01-03 07:12:42|TIFU by sitting on my roommates new emotional support animal.|"Poor cat man. Like I didnt know, and I'm sitting down in the dark. Normally I check my seat before I sit, but I was being lazy today. So I've got my coffee in my hand, and a plan to watch some TV. To him, I swear, Twas like the death star approaching alderaan, or better yet, the moon from Zelda. Then, it happened. My fat ass squished him. Now, it wasnt like I was just playin where I rest me arse on him, naw mates, it was full on extinction level lounging. At first I was like ""what the? The couch feels weird...."" then he starts strugglin. I was like WTF! I looked over and saw Gigi (my female cat) who I thought I was sitting on, and I was like oh ok, I'm good, shes on the other couch. Meanwhile, I'm committing war crimes with the back side of me undercarriage. So I start relaxing, not remembering WE HAVE A SECOND BLACK CAT! Then he freaks out, and I was like ""Oh fuck!"" And then  I get up... The look he gave me mates... The look he gave me, was like I was his best friend who just fucked his wife, killed his parents, and then banished him from the kingdom. Just utter fuckin betrayal. I swear he was cursing me out, and putting dishonour on me, and my cow! Felt so bad, but couldn't stop laughing. Mates, I'm fuckin roaring still. My giant, death star sized ass has now permanently scared the poor cat. He already hates me, now hes got a GIANT feckin reason to back it up lol. He is fine, for the record lol.

TL;DR My giant death star sized ass descended from the heavens, and damn near killed my roommates new cat, who, I swear is now plannin to kill me while I sleep. (I deserve it tho)

Edit: Ty all for letting me know that I helped you all smile! And thank you very much for the upvotes everyone :-)

Edit 2) holy crap! Thank you guys for the gold, silver, and new years ball awards :-) I honestly didnt think this would explode like this. 

Edit 3) so Valentino (kitties name) is 100% ok. The way my couch is set up, I have a futon mattress on top of the couch cushions, to elevate the couch a little more off the ground, so he also had padding. Oh, and for those askin, the whole exchange of me sitting down and realizing I was sitting on him, was about 2-3 seconds. :-) hope it helps, and again, thank you all!

Edit 4) I was told to pay the cat tax, and I will happily do so! Behold Valentino-boy in all his majesty, regality, and glory!

http://imgur.com/gallery/MmR551M"|Cosmic6castaway|False|https://redd.it/ejbyzx|7094|0.92|6|248|1|tifu
ejeflw|2020-01-03 11:54:09|TIFU by not waking up|"Obligatory this didn’t happen today but about 3 weeks ago when I was in Kraków.

So me and my boyfriend and 2 friends went on holiday to Poland and stayed in this pretty fancy hotel. We went out drinking and my boyfriend was pretty drunk so we went back to our room. When I’m really drunk I tend to pass out and nothing will wake me. 

Around 3am, my boyfriend got up to go to the bathroom, and in his half asleep half drunken state, he opened the door to the hallway rather than the bathroom door. The door then automatically locked behind him. To make things worse, my boyfriend was completely naked. To get back in the room, he needed his key card. So he starts knocking and banging on the door to wake me up so I’ll let him back in and he realises that I’m not going to get up and he’ll end up waking up everyone else. He is then forced to run naked down the hotel stairs to the reception desk, ask for a key card and then run back to let himself in. 

I wake up when I hear someone coming into the room and see him looking so ashamed and also slightly angry. I ask what’s wrong and he slams the key card down and says you won’t fucking believe where I’ve just been. He tells me and I think he’s joking, fall back asleep and when I wake up later he tells me again. 

Best believe I shared the story with our 2 friends over breakfast. From then on, everytime we walked past the reception desk he put his hoodie up and ran. 

TLDR; naked boyfriend locked himself out the hotel room, I didn’t wake up, he was forced to run naked to the reception desk for a key."|bigpapitylr|False|https://redd.it/ejeflw|1937|0.96|0|91|1|tifu
ejednb|2020-01-03 11:48:21|TIFU by edging myself so much something happened to my tubes|"Throwaway, of course, but this one did actually happen today!

We've had a house full of visiting family for the holidays, which meant one of our children had to sleep on a mattress on the floor in our bedroom, to make room for the guests. This obviously has forced a halt to our conjugal relations, and there's been no time or space to ""catch up"" in the meantime.

Usually on this situation, I would just find a quiet place and rub one out, like the garage, or the backyard at 2am. You know, like a normal Dad. And I did! But for some reason, this time I decided that rather than taking the edge *off*, I'd intentionally increase the tension in my loins by jerking off as much as possible, but not finishing. I had visions of a glorious release after a marathon reunion when we once again had our privacy.

Now, for the unaware, a funny thing happens when a guy dedicates himself to some serious edging. I mean, it does to me anyway - I've never actually compared notes with any other suitably self-loving penis owners. Simply put, the more you edge, the more you cum. It's like every time you start to do the deed, the cum factory  starts production, anticipating a big order. But when the delivery never goes out, some of it gets saved up for the next one. The same happens again next time, more builds up, and over and over. After a point, it's like there's too much cum, and it'll start to leak out early, before climax. I'm not talking about pre-cum (that's there too), I'm talking about the real-deal, white and gooey, baby-making man-seed.

I developed a  little routine so that once I was close, I'd stop and start, forcing myself right to the edge, at least 10 times per session. Stroke-stroke-stroke-stroke-stop. Tingle-tingle-tingle. Ohhh yeh. Right to the edge, but not over. Repeat. As a side effect of all the unfulfilled build-up, I had a nice little stream of cum for most of each session. I did this every chance I got, over the course of the last couple of days. Beautiful torture, in anticipation of an one epic, final, blow-out tonight. I was pretty sure my wife would never let me cum in her again after the mess I was fixing to make, but it was gonna be very worth it.

Now, today, and it's almost time to take the guests to the airport - one step closer to release from my self-imposed prison of pleasure. We have some time, though, so I guess I'll just step into the bathroom for a minute... Stroke-stroke-stroke-stroke-stop. 10 times... or 11... maybe 12... OK, last time. Clean up the little pool of cum from the floor, wash my hands, and no-ones the wiser. Feels a little strange down there this time though. Like I need to pee - bursting to pee, actually. Where did that come from? No time, anyway. Got to make sure they don't miss the flight. That would be tragic.

So I have this strange feeling like I really need to pee, and it's stinging at the end of my urethra, all the way to the airport and back. First chance I get, I try to pee, but there's not much there. As soon as I walk out of the bathroom, I feel like I'm bursting to pee again. OK, this sucks. Now, I usually pee right after sex. Dick hygiene 101, right? Flush out the pipes after use. It was then I realised that I've had a dick full of cum for the best part of 2 days, only getting occasionally cleaned out when I happened to pee, and then filled right back up again at my next sneaky session. I guess my urethra finally got sick of all the cum left in it and said ENOUGH!

So now as I'm typing this, the sensation has subsided a little, which gives me hope that I haven't done any permanent damage, and it's just irritated somehow. My cock is still tingling, but not in a nice way. Suddenly, the thought of a huge load doesn't seem so enticing. In fact, right now I reckon it would probably sting like a motherfucker. I think I'm gonna have to let this fire go out. But that's not the worst thing: now I have to try to explain to my wife why I'm not climbing all over her after a 10 day dry spell.

TL;DR edged so much all the excess cum irritated my urethra somehow and wrecked my plans for epic ejaculation"|toomuchedgingcum|True|https://redd.it/ejednb|1942|0.91|0|188|1|tifu
ejwlfd|2020-01-04 13:24:28|TIFU by having sex in a 'public' place|"Obligatory didn't happen today. But about two weeks ago before thr Christmas break.

My girlfriend and I decided to meet up in college after class one day. Usual go on a date and maybe have some fun in some secluded corner. 

But that day both of us were incredibly horny and one thing led to the other and we were in the biology lab (aptly) which was surprisingly open and empty. 

Within a few minutes our pants were off and were doing what one does, almost knocking a few vials over. We were going at it, giving each other head for a good 15 min until....the door rattled open and the gaurd walked in.

Thankfully we were behind a set of cupboards so he didn't see our nude lower halves, but it was pretty clear what was happening. 

We were called to the principal and he gave us a long 30-45 min lecture and a big fucking surprise, the camera in the lab which each and every student thought didn't work, actually did. So now the college has a recording of us going having some amazing oral sex in the biology lab. And the mental image of the principal watching us and his face getting more and more convulated has been endeared into my mind. Though no suspension or anything of that start from their side thankfully.

Oh and guess what, the principal knew her parents and told them the very next day. So Christmas morning i was greeted by the message that i should never come into contact with her again though that mess has been covered up and both of us have apologized profusely to her parents.
Infact i am writing this on the way back from her house after having lunch with her parents.

TL;DR- Had sex, got caught, video on CCTV, still showed my face to gf's parents"|Whoopinpocho|True|https://redd.it/ejwlfd|15|0.77|0|12|1|tifu
ekfty1|2020-01-05 17:16:27|TIFU by inhaling my tongue ring, ending up pregnant and almost dead.|"This TIFU is still occurring but it started last week and that day started normal like always, I went to work and when I went to lunch it turned to the worst week of my life.  I was sent on lunch and while I was eating my tongue ring somehow came off and instead of what I initially thought was me swallowing it, the xrays at the hospital showed it was inhaled and went into my lung.   Since they had to do an X-ray and a cat scan, I was asked if I was pregnant, I told them absolutely not.  Since I have the Paraguard IUD implanted(birth control).  They did blood work and then came to speak to me and told me that I was in-fact pregnant!  I was absolutely shocked and scared, I called my husband and my mom and told them the news, my husband rushed to the hospital and when he got here he asked if I told them about the IUD which I had not yet.  When he told them they said after they performed the  bronchoscopy, they would have to immediately remove the IUD. The procedure was really simple and they removed the tongue ring in 30 minutes and I was fine for the most part other than a sore throat.  They came and spoke to me about the pregnancy and the problems the iUD can present to it, they immediately removed the iud and told me that it was bent and slipped down which is the reason it didn’t work properly after me having it for more than a year.  They also scheduled a ultrasound, when they went in for the ultrasound they couldn’t find the pregnancy which raised some concerns, ultimately after two days of waiting in the icu they confirmed it was an Ectopic pregnancy, they said the pregnancy was very early so they sent me home with a shot to kill the pregnancy and I was to follow up every two days at a clinic to make sure the pregnancy was being successfully terminated.  Everything was alright and even though I had cramps and all other sorts of side effects as long as they weren’t too sever I would be fine.  I was feeling completely better Saturday morning, but after a shower i suddenly felt a sharp pain on my shoulder and then sever abdominal pain that left me incapacitated, I’ve never felt such severe pain, after speaking to the clinic through the phone they told me to immediately head to the ER, when I arrived they performed an ultrasound which almost made me pass out from the pain and they confirmed my pregnancy burst inside my ovary and I was bleeding internally, so I’m now back home but after the worst weekend of my life I’m left out of work for at least 6 weeks and struggling to get out of bed.  They said if I had not come in I would be dead. Luckily the doctors were able to save my ovary.  

Tl:dr   Inhaled my tongue ring, got diagnosed with an ectopic pregnancy, the pregnancy burst in my ovary and almost killed me."|reposting--bot|False|https://redd.it/ekfty1|0|0.41|0|10|1|tifu
ek6l8x|2020-01-05 02:24:14|TIFU By Telling My Store Manager To Sit Down And Shut The F Up|"Not my story, but the friend in question doesn't have a reddit and gave me permission to post. Got the story directly from him. Any questions will be directed at him and posted in updates.

Ok so a few months ago my friend's (We'll call him M) friend (SM) invited him out (shes married) to have a drink with her and her new assistant manager (AM1). M thought nothing of it until she kissed him and invited him back to her place (she lives downstairs from him). Her kids were awake and she seemed annoyed so he went home.

A few months later SM was looking for help at work (shes the store manager hence the name) and hired M's girlfriend as the new assistant manager (AM2) since the other one quit. 2 weeks later as a joke M said he'd sleep with SM for a job. They laughed and SM told M he started tonight, come to work.

Like a week later at work. SM randomly kissed M and grabbed his \*ahem\* johnson.

She was however a shitty manager and one day M told her to sit down and shut the fuck up. He also went off on her for being useless. And that's when SM decided that was his last day.

TL;DR friend flirts with store manager, gets hired, finds out she's a shitty manager, tells her so, gets fired.

Update: For those mentioning the cheating, according to M, AM2 cheated on him first, and as far as he's concerned, it's not his marriage so he it's not his business what SM does."|warhawkironman|False|https://redd.it/ek6l8x|1|0.57|0|3|1|tifu
ejxyl5|2020-01-04 15:30:55|TIFU by chewing mint gum|"This didn't happen today but last summer, thought about posting it because of a similar post.             



Last Summer I was sitting at my desk infront of my computer and saw that I had a pack of gum nearby so I reached over and took some. Before eating the gum I noticed some small black/greenish dots on the gum which I automatically thought was mint so I didn't even think about it.
Like an hour later I went to grab more gum but this time, the black dots were outside the gum packet and they were moving.
I opened the gum packet and found like 30 ants just walking around inside, I immediately spit out the gum and saw that the black dots were in fact ants and not mint, my lips had like 5 to 6 bites on them and i just felt dirty for doing that to the ants.         



tl;dr: ate some gum without realising it had ants on it"|YahiaTGF|False|https://redd.it/ejxyl5|6|0.82|0|0|1|tifu
ek3cak|2020-01-04 22:08:22|TIFU by ruining the community of a major video game|"I posted this under a different profile about three years ago, but I deleted the post and figured I'd like to tell the story again. This time, I'm using a throwaway as my main account can be connected to my actions.

This is the story about how I had single-handedly destroyed (corrupted might be a better term) the multiplayer and online components of a (at one point) very major video game. For confidentiality, I will be censoring both the game and platform, though it may be pretty easy to figure them out if you really want to.

This game I had corrupted was driven by player creativity. It really required players to share creations of theirs in order to keep the game alive and well. But, in the latest iteration of the game, they introduced new features without truly testing them. I found a way to break one of those features and exploit it for my own gain (online leaderboard points and shit). 

But I decided to be stupid and share the exploit with the world. One person maxing their points and breaking out of bounds became hundreds if not thousands. Every single user generated game became plagued with people maxing their scores, vandalising and abusing the game. Yep... All caused by me being a dumb little kid who wanted some internet fame.

I don't play the game much anymore but have just recently gotten back into it. I still see maxed out scores and signs of abuse of the glitch to this day. Also, I think everything that users publish now may be subject to an automod (out of fear of the issue spreading).

TL;DR:  was playing video game, found exploit, shared it and ruined the online community which is still under moderation to this day. Whoops."|throwmeaway26480w9|False|https://redd.it/ek3cak|1|0.5|0|10|1|tifu
ejwl7o|2020-01-04 13:23:52|TIFU by wearing thigh high socks|"So I’m pretty healthy, I exercise regularly, eat decently, and bike everywhere, plus I’m pretty young. However, the last time I got my blood pressure checked it came back high, like astronomically high, 60 year old lumberjack raised on salted beef high. So my gp scheduled an appointment for another day to see if it was a fluke.   
I’m also trans, but not quite out and proud yet. Part of what makes life bearable are little things like painting my nails, or trying on outfits at home, or wearing the cool trans pride thigh high socks my brother got me for Christmas under regular guy clothes.  

guys... that was a mistake.  
You can maybe see where this is going.

I went in for the follow up a few days ago and my bp was still weirdly high (I blame my toothache and anxiety). In response my gp wanted to rule out any dangerous stuff so she ordered some tests, among them an EKG.  
EKGs require you to wear electrodes all over your body, including on your calves...  
So, In front of three nurses, my gp, and another doctor I had to awkwardly raise my pant leg up as far as it would go to my knee and then inch my thigh high socks down to ankle level slowly revealing a large section of trans pride colors as I shimmied the sock down.   
Then I had to do the other leg.  

So the hospital staff all know I’m a girl now and I’ll hopefully be getting on hormones by the end of the year! Not quite how I wanted to do things but it works I guess!

TL;DR: I wore thigh high trans pride socks to a doctors appointment and was forced to come out to the hospital staff."|Quinntexistential|False|https://redd.it/ejwl7o|11|0.62|0|13|1|tifu
ek5ob5|2020-01-05 01:09:22|TIFU by deciding to try butt stuff whilst on vacation|"TIFU by trying butt stuff

I decided to try out some anal exploration on my own, just to see what it was like. It was alright I guess for the most part until a couple of days later...

I’m standing in EPCOT when I suddenly feel a fart coming on. I don’t think anything of it until I feel the disaster zone that has begun to ravage my ass. I stood there in shock and then proceeded to waddle towards the bathroom.

I think it’s over after I get back to the hotel and change, but boy was I sorely mistaken. Hop off the bus at Animal Kingdom the next day and run towards Mount Everest. My final mistake. For the running and subsequent slapping of my cheeks caused the second coming. Unlike Christ however, it was a most unholy sight. As I type this I’m walking back to the hotel in shame, and dripping with regret. 

TL;DR: Sexual exploration has explosive consequences at Disney World.

(Not sure if this counts as a shit post)"|throwawaaaay04|False|https://redd.it/ek5ob5|0|0.48|0|5|1|tifu
ejq15z|2020-01-04 02:18:45|TIFU by checking out this random chick on facebook and accidently tagging myself in a photo of herself and a friend from like 6 years ago.|"First tifu post.. but my life is literally a series of unfortuate events.  i was told to check out this lady on facebook by a friend, and it turned out i was friends with her on fb, but dont personally know her, per say. So im on my phone scrolling through her pictures,  n get to one where shes posing with a friend, who is also good looking. So i click on the photo, which is from like 6 years ago, expecting it to show the the name of her friend that was tagged in the photo, but Instead..it tags me in the damn photo! 

Just happened  my whole intermediate family in the same room as i was, as we were watching sunday night football. Im freaking out trying to untag myself while my brother and dad are on the floor laughing their ass off from me freaking out.   Meanwhile, my mom comes i , unaware of what happened, and tells me to stop swearing cause i have said fuck 10 times in thr last mintue 😂

So i cant figure out how to untag myself in this fucking photo on fb mobile, and as a last resort end up reporting the photo to get myself untagged. So take make things worse, if she didnt catch my tag, she probably saw i was reporting a picture of her and her friend from 2014.  Didnt get any messages from her,  but debating if i should just delete my fb at this point 😂

TL :Dr   was checking out this chicm on facebook, and ended up tagging myself in a picture she had of herself and a friend from 2014. Couldnt figure out how to get untagged on fb mobile, and had to report the picture.  Was fully expecting a message from her, but nothing yet. Probably should just delete my fb 😂"|funky_monkey434|False|https://redd.it/ejq15z|58|0.83|1|21|1|tifu
ejvfvz|2020-01-04 11:10:20|TIFU by almost blasting myself with oil|"So just to preface this I've always had a problem with impulsive thoughts and more than likely always will, sometimes I'll get a dumb thought, do the thing and then while I'm doing it I wonder whatre the consequences if this. 

So today I was making dinner and frying potatoes, when I was done I had a pit of very hot oil on the stove and I wondered ""I wonder why oil and water dont play well together, does hot oil make a difference""

Obviously stupid thought to anyone who isnt an impulsive asshat like me, but in my head i though ""gee i dunno let's find out!""

You ever have time go in slow motion, i dumped a handful of water into the pot and as i saw it start to bubble i dove backwards into the hallway as i heard the biggest pop I've ever heard in my life, the oil basically turned into a geyser in my kitchen and I'd probably be in the hospital with massive burns if i didnt think sooner...but thinking at all would have prevented this. Cleanup was a mess but at least I've only got minor burns from the cleanup.

TL;DR: put water in hot oil because I had an intrusive thought,almost killed myself and burned my house down"|Dryingpan101|False|https://redd.it/ejvfvz|11|0.8|0|4|1|tifu
ejns6f|2020-01-03 23:31:39|TIFU by accidentally showing my older brother my porn.|"Yes I made the biggest mistake you can, I forgot to clear my tabs. Anyway so earlier today I was sitting on my bed when my older brother entered my room and asked for a favour, I accepted and asked what he said he didn't have any money in his bank and he wanted to buy a game so I said I would go on amazon and order a voucher code thingy to give him and he'd give me cash. So without thinking I opened my chrome(which I only use for porn) instead of my other search engine that I use for other non porn things, so as soon as I opened my chrome my brother gets a full view of everything that I was looking at last night. It's currently been about three hours since I just don't want him to tell anyone cuz I don't want my parents or other siblings knowing what I watch.

TL;DR my older brother saw my porn and now I'm hoping he doesn't gossip."|throwaway42069bruh|True|https://redd.it/ejns6f|81|0.85|0|23|1|tifu
ek3bbt|2020-01-04 22:06:17|TIFU by accidentally buying the wrong book for a course, and spending far more time reading than I needed to.|"For an Information System Security course that I'm starting an a couple days, I was told to do some pre-course reading for a Military Strategy class that I need to take. The reading consisted of Sun Tzu's ""The Art of War, Thucydides's ""How to Think About War"", Niccolo Machiavelli's ""The Prince"", and Carl von Clausewitz's ""On War"". They also require *specific translations* of each book. 

Instead of looking up the books by the ISBN that they gave, I just searched by title and translator. I thought that would be sufficient. After buying all 4 books as e-books, I noticed that the first three were quite short at 100-200 pages. ""On War"" though was a whopping \~700 pages.

I finished the first three (great reads), then started on ""On War"". I've been reading it now for two weeks now in my free time, and am only at like 400 pages. It's a dense, hard read.

Just now though, it dawned on me that it's a little bizarre that one book was more than 3x as long as the others. I decided to look back over the email that my instructor had sent me. I had double checked it before to make sure, but I evidently didn't read it thoroughly enough. The book was listed as:

&#x200B;

>4) Clausewitz, Carl von. On War. Translated by Michael Howard and Peter Paret. Abridged by Beatrice Heuser. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2007. ISBN 0199540020

""***Abridged by Beatrice Heuser***"" 🤦

Sure enough, when I [search the ISBN](https://www.chapters.indigo.ca/en-ca/books/on-war/9780199540020-item.html), I see that it's only 336 pages. Here I've been stressing about how fucked I am because I'm starting class in two days and still have half the bloody book to read, and it turns out I read more than I needed to, but still potentially have some to read depending on what was abridged.

So now I need to buy the second version, and at best cherry pick through it.

TL;DR: I bought the un-abridged version of a book for a class when I was supposed to buy the abridged version, and wasted a ton of my time and sanity."|carcigenicate|False|https://redd.it/ek3bbt|2|0.63|0|1|1|tifu
ejttdd|2020-01-04 07:55:40|TIFU by thinking a Gucci bag was for sale|"Im just gonna cut to the chase. 

I’m on vacation in the Philippines (beach area) with friends/cousins. We’re at a souvenir/hair braiding store cause someone in our group wanted to get braids. 

While she got her hair done, she mentioned that her teacher wanted a Filipino bag and since she wanted to be nice and we were at a store filled with these bags, we decided to pick one out for her. 

So we just showed her a bunch of bags and asked her if she would consider them or not. Anyways, behind the braiding woman alongside a couple other bags was a Gucci clutch. So me, being the dumbass I am, picked the bag up, showed it to her and said, “Hey if you wanna be really nice get her this Gucci bag.” The braiding woman suddenly looks up and glares at me for a few seconds until she speaks in one of the bluntest voices I’ve ever heard, saying, “That’s mine.” My face became whiter than capitalism and I became more mortified than I have ever been. I just ran out of the store cause I didn’t know what else to do. Anyways, that’s my story. I’m currently writing this in hiding from the braiding lady and I can hear my group laughing their asses off up to now.

TL;DR TIFU by taking a lady’s Gucci bag thinking it was for sale. She gave me a death stare and I’m in hiding from her now."|theoneandonlyemperor|False|https://redd.it/ejttdd|14|0.79|0|3|1|tifu
ejkifq|2020-01-03 19:40:54|TIFU by pulling a hair|"It didn't happen today, but in November 2019.
I went for a wee and I saw a hair (about a centimeter (1/3 of an inch) long) coming out from under my foreskin. It was one of my girlfriend's. 
I didn't think twice about it, just grabbed it and pulled it out.
Turns out it was actually like 15 cm long (6 inches) and because of the swift motion I used to pull it out and I ended up giving myself the equivalent of a paper cut on my willy.

To this day I have no idea how it managed to get under there, the sneaky sod.
It was at work too so after a quick sharp squeal and a short cry I had to pull myself together and go back to a meeting.

Before this I used to think that plucking nose hairs was painful. 
With tears in my eyes and a bleeding penis, that day I realised I have became a man.

Fin.

TL;DR: Got a long hair stuck under my foresking and I pulled it out causing my penis to bleed."|ChrisPyeChart|False|https://redd.it/ejkifq|110|0.93|0|19|1|tifu
ej2zcz|2020-01-02 19:36:20|TIFU by informing my family I was engaged with a dick pic.|"Naturally, this TIFU didn’t actually happen today. 

This happened about two weeks ago. Honestly, the moment it happened I considered writing this post, but felt that in light of making the mistake of sending my johnson out, I might give myself some time to make sure I want this to live online forever.

My family has already told just about everyone they know the story, so I figured I'd bring all of you into the fold.

So, here we go.

My girlfriend and I have been together for about 3 years, and I'm deeply in love with this girl. She is decent beyond words, fun, funny and frankly I couldn't imagine a better relationship.

Her mother had offered me her grandmother's ring for our engagement, which I considered a tremendous honour. After dealing with the anxiety of toting around a family heirloom for 2 weeks and leaving it in the possession of a jeweller for cleaning and resizing, I just wanted to get the engagement over with.

I know that might not sound like the most romantic way of describing my engagement, but I was nervous.

I get home, get down on one knee, and she says yes.

It was a moment I won't soon forget...then...then I got creative on really burning it into my memory.

Now, in my opinion, everyone more or less does their engagement announcements the same way. Holding hands close up with a ring on, or the couples pic with the open hand across the dudes chest with the ring visible, ""it's been done to death"" I thought.

I proposed to my now fiancée that we do something funny and different, and she agrees.

We settle on taking a picture of me completely naked, laying in bed, with her hand in the foreground covering my crotch with the ring on. The picture is hilarious, and we send it to my family group chat.

I mean, this is my naked body afterall. Clearly, for my families eyes only.

As it turns out, the picture was taken on 'live mode'. When you held it down, my girlfriends hand would move out of the way, leaving a perfect shot of me, as naked as the day I was born, grinning from ear to ear, doing finger guns.

I received a message from my brother-in-law informing us that the picture is live, that my sister was the one to discover it, and he follows it up with a picture of her in a shocked state of bewilderment.

My mother got it too, same mistake.

Her first, unsolicited dick pic, at the age of 61...from her son, no less.

Needless to say, it's a story that will be told despite my protests for the remainder of my days.

TL;DR my fianée and I took a perfectly positioned photo of her engagement ring covering my package, only to have 'live mode' ruin it all."|steboy|False|https://redd.it/ej2zcz|29190|0.92|5|770|1|tifu
ek9fog|2020-01-05 06:41:44|TIFU By using a tube of toothpaste as a condom|"So me and my girl were getting pretty hot and sweaty until we realised we were out of condoms, in order to avoid the boner deleting act of going to the shops I came up with a fabulous idea. I was going to use a tube of toothpaste as a condom. So I quickly ran to the bathroom and grabbed a tube (it was one of those screw top ones) unscrewed the lid and rinsed out any of the remaining toothpaste left inside. I slammed it over my cock and was ready to go. Apparently the bottom end of a tube of toothpaste doesn't fit particularly well into a vagina and my partner was quite quickly turned off, what was worse however is that I didn't rinse it out thoroughly enough and after about 30 seconds the burning started to set in. Luckily after an hour or two of washing it thoroughly the burning went away.

Me and my gf still laugh about it to this day.

Tldr: rammed my cock into a tube of toothpaste, figured it didn't work well as a condom and also chemically burned my dick."|Manly-Kitten|True|https://redd.it/ek9fog|0|0.35|0|16|1|tifu
ejpy90|2020-01-04 02:12:34|TIFU by trying to be a polite guest|"By today I mean 12 years ago. I don’t know why I haven’t posted this sooner but it’s one of those awkward moments that I constantly replay in my mind. Cringe. 

I was 13 and had just started going to a youth group with a bunch of other teens my age. It was a tight knit group and one summer day we all got invited to let’s call him “Evan”s house to hang out. Well it also happened that Evans mom was one of the teachers in the youth group and she was known for being very strict and not so pleasant to be around. I was the only kid if the group who’s parents weren’t part of the church, I usually got dropped off or went with a friend. On top of that, I didn’t really have other groups of friends that I’d hang out with and go to their houses at this point in my life. So all I wanted was to be extra polite, fit it and hopefully score some brownie points with Mrs. Evans Mom so that I’d be invited back. 

We arrive and I think there’s around 5 of us total standing awkwardly in the kitchen trying to figure out what we wanted to do. Mrs. Evans mom asked us all if we’d like something to drink. Most of us said yes and when she went around and asked what we wanted, most everyone else was specific. Water, root beer, so on and so forth. Well I was last to answer and I didn’t want to be a nuisance so I said “I’m good with anything” or something along those lines. Now, I’m 13 at the time and although I wouldn’t say I was a picky eater, I just was a 13 year old eater. Catch my drift? Well this woman pulls out a can of V8 tomato juice, cracks it open, hands it to me and says something about how nice it was to see one of Evans friends not be so picky. I had never had tomato juice before but I was almost positive I wasn’t going to like it. Now, I’m still trying to be polite so I did what I thought was best. I stuck my finger into the can and tasted it to see how I felt about it. I definitely did NOT like it. I knew I couldn’t drink it. So I didn’t, I just let it sit there. 10 or so minutes pass and we’re all still making strange conversation in the kitchen when Mrs. Evans Mom, in front of everyone, asks how I liked the V8. I didn’t want to lie so I said I didn’t like it. She asked how I knew if I didn’t like it so I told her that I stuck my finger in to try. And then she got very visibly upset. She starts screaming “you mean to tell me that after saying you would be fine with drinking anything in this house that you not only refuse to drink my tomato juice but that you stuck your dirty finger in it so that no one else can drink it either??”  I tried coming up with any good excuse to give her but I had none, I just didn’t think about it. So that what I said. That I didn’t think about it. Wrong thing to say. Mrs. Evans mom turns visibly red, all the other kids run upstairs and I got it all. I don’t remember everything she screamed at me, just that I had to call my mom to come pick me up. I was so embarrassed. It took every ounce of effort in me to go upstairs and say goodbye to everyone once my mom got there. We were all feeling the awkward ness. 

TL;DR - I accepted V8 tomato juice as a beverage at my friends house. Stuck my finger in it to see how it tasted, didn’t like it and then got kicked out of the house by his mom.

Edit - Spelling"|froglessmonster|False|https://redd.it/ejpy90|23|0.86|0|6|1|tifu
ejbx23|2020-01-03 07:07:13|TIFU by force feeding myself and throwing up at my crushes house|"So obligatory not today but actually  
New Years Eve Morning - I just got the idea to post this today. My body can not handle sweet stuff, my stomach just absolutely rejects it, I mean I think the taste is ok by if I eat like more than 3 kisses or Hershey’s I just violently throw up, however there are some exceptions to this but they aren’t important 

The other day I was at my friends house and I kinda like her and we were just watching tv on her couch and stuff and she gets up and comes back with one of those large Hershey bars, she ask me if I want half and I politely just say “no thanks” because I don’t like explaining things and then she “C’mon don’t make me eat this whole thing” so I say fine and I take half and I start eating it and I can already feel my stomach aching and the pure pain but I decide to push through it because “the world is dark and scary and full of creepy clown dentists but you gotta push through and hope there’s better stuff ahead”- Princess Carolyn 

Yeah like 5 seconds later I projectile vomited all over her carpet and then remember her trying to help me walk to the bathroom where I proceeded to vomit more in the sink, then I got really dizzy and couldn’t remember much after besides waking up on her couch and then her asking if I was okay, i went home immediately after that 

TL;DR I threw up all over my friends carpet after forcing myself to eat Chocolate."|Mr_Damaged|False|https://redd.it/ejbx23|628|0.95|0|170|1|tifu
ej330s|2020-01-02 19:43:33|TIFU by exposing, then grabbing, my friend's erect penis in front of the entire school.|"Obligatory this happened a week ago. Also using a throwaway because I don't want this associated with my main.

Some quick backstory: My best friend and I are pretty weird. Whenever he sees me walking unsuspectingly in front of him, he'll sneak up and slowly start to massage my shoulders and whisper weird shit in my ear. I do the same except I massage his belly instead. Despite what it may seem, we're both heterosexual.  
The fuck up happened when he was walking to class and I saw him in front of me. I decide to massage his belly as usual. So I sneak up behind him, yank up his shirt, put my hands on where his bellybutton *should* be... and make contact with something very hard and not belly-button like.

I learned later that he had a boner at the time so he flipped it up to tuck it between his belly and the waistband of his pants. He immediately yelled ""what the FUCK dude?"", which naturally drew the attention of pretty much everybody in the really crowded hallway, including a teacher. Nearly 100 people saw me with both hands wrapped around my friend's torso; grabbing his erect penis.

This has spread around the entire school and I've been getting shit for it non-stop. Most of it is good-natured, but some people think I'm some sort of sexual predator. My best friend understood it was an accident but he's still understandably pissed since half the school saw his penis. We both got sent to the principal's office who got our parents involved. His parents, who are hard-core Christians, thought I was making advances on their son and are trying to get me expelled for sexual harassment.

**TL;DR:** Tried to massage my friend's belly, grabbed his penis instead and now my life is ruined."|Penis_Groper|True|https://redd.it/ej330s|8136|0.92|2|650|1|tifu
ejhuad|2020-01-03 16:35:50|TIFU by messaging someone on Grindr|"Ok well to start I’ve never posted anything on here and consider this a FU bc right now I wanna smash my head also this is on my phone.

This just happened today a few minutes ago and I guess the buildup was 1 day ago. Im a guy and am not out yet and just downloaded Grindr after not being on in like 5 months bc of those who do use it know it’s toxic and the people suck there’s no point (now I know there REALLY is no point). Anyways I went on the app noticed a good looking guy from my gym that I always saw all the time at the gym and also noticed that he also goes to my school (community college). I decided to tap him to just get his attention (also btw I have a faceless profile and no info about me but my age) and he responds with asking for a face pic and saying hi. I am really hesitant and scared or replying back and giving him a face pic bc of him finding out its me and that I’m gay. We go on back and forth for a while about how I’m scared and he’s like it’s just a pic and I tell him I see him all the time. He tells me it’s fine so I send him an old pic of me which I know once he sees he’ll know it’s me. I get anxious and regret sending it bc basically he now knows but I get back on and he’s blocked me. So now I guess I’m just ugly for him which is fine or he got scared but basically I came out to him and hopefully he doesn’t expose me. I don’t think I can’t go back to the gym :( anymore..

Also sorry it’s probably a horrible story but my hands are shaking and I’m scared I guess, but he also works at the gym and is friends with every single person there.

TL;DR I messaged a guy and he’s probably gonna expose me now

EDIT: thank you guys for the nice comments I didn’t even think I’d have people reply on this post. They’re all nice comments too or give advice. Thank you guys"|wannasmashmyhead_png|False|https://redd.it/ejhuad|101|0.88|0|26|1|tifu
ejuymw|2020-01-04 10:12:25|TIFU by making a homemade fungicide for my plant|"Also posted this in r/succulents (Will my Calandiva survive?) with extra detail that's more relevant for the sub

Early December I bought a cute little red flowering Calandiva, repotted it from the little plastic container it was in, and kept it next to a window in my office. I've been watering it once a week with filtered water.

Pictured in original post is its current state. It wasn't like this until earlier today when I may have seriously f'd up.

Starting about last week I noticed some powdery mildew forming on top of one of the larger leaves. I put off cleaning it until earlier today, and with a little (incomplete) research made a homemade fungicide to clean it off. Now here's where I f'd up. I didn't quite read the ratios of the fungicide and made a 1:1:1 tablespoon mixture of water, baking soda, and dish soap and proceeded to *glaze* the plant with a paintbrush and left on for 1-2 hours, then put on more and let that sit for a bit again. Looking back, it should have been 1 *gallon* of water to a tablespoon of baking soda and soap, and sprayed on the plant.

When I started wiping off the plant with a damp towel, I noticed that the leaves started to feel and look a little limp. Once I cleaned the whole plant, I decided to water it since I water my plants on weekends, but this time I added enough water until it started seeping out from the bottom, and then got rid of that excess.

A couple hours later, and the leaves are all floppy and wilting and I have no idea if it will survive the whole ordeal I put my poor plant through. Now I've stayed up until 4AM depressed at the state of my plant and sharing my story on Reddit (so technically yesterday I fucked up).

TL;DR: Glazed my plant in a homemade fungicide of incorrect ratios, probably overwatered it, now leaves are limp. Not sure if it will survive."|yikesitsreallysmall|False|https://redd.it/ejuymw|4|0.78|0|1|1|tifu
ejqu7v|2020-01-04 03:21:53|TIFU By drunkenly changing my iPhone password|"Happened yesterday, basically went out drinking and got home around 6 am. Didn’t sleep and just went about my day hungover and what not. Wanted to change my password because I didn’t like it being 6 digits long. So I changed it. Used my phone print for the rest of the day and basically just forgot that I changed it and what I changed it to. 

Then some time later whilst at work I tried getting in and couldn’t for the life of me remember what it was. I tried it to many times and then I had to connect it to my laptop and reset it back to its basic settings and wipe the phone clean. My most recent back up was last March and since then I have been to Europe with my best mates and have lived my life. So I’m loosing 9 months worth of memories all cause I’m an idiot. 

To make matters worse when I was setting it up again, the phone asked for me for the old password again to access my iCloud password bank and whatnot. So I gave it a couple more tries and I got the password.... Not happy. Moral of the story don’t change password whilst drunk and back up your iPhone more regularly 

TLDR: changed password when drunk, forgot password. Locked out of phone had to wipe it back to last back up in March 2019. Lost thousands of photos from a Europe trip and the last 9 months. Remembered the password after it was wiped this morning."|Prankishspace4|False|https://redd.it/ejqu7v|15|0.86|0|8|1|tifu
ejjvvt|2020-01-03 18:58:09|TIFU by drawing a penis on a whiteboard at work in permanent marker and writing my name next to it.|"This  just happened 10 minutes ago and I had a mini heart attack. Every once in a while I'll pop into I.T. to say hi to some friends. Our I.T. dept has a white board in it's room for equations or whatever nerd shit they write and someone put a one of those good/evil graphs on it with everyone's names based on where they fell or whatever. Mostly everyone was on neutral or chaotic good. I thought it would be funny to write my name in really fancy handwriting in the chaotic neutral space, to be extra chaotic I drew a penis next to it. My friend watched me and called me a dumbass, then walked away. I went to go erase it because I mostly did it for a laugh with him but it wouldn't erase. I had grabbed the closest marker without checking if it was permanent. One of the Department heads walked in and I had a mini heart attack and just kind of stood in front of it trying to hide it. Luckily another I.T. guy saw me and told me if I went over it with a regular dry erase marker I could get it off, but didn't tell me where they were before walking away. They were across the room by another white board, I walked as quickly and as nonchalantly as I could past the Department head so I wouldn't draw any more attention. I walked back and had to go over it a few times but but it came off before anyone else saw me and I left. The guy that helped me sent me the test they were basing the board on and it turns out I'm neutral good anyways. 

TL;DR tried to be chaotic neutral by drawing a penis on a whiteboard at work, accidently used permanent marker was almost caught by higher ups, saved by I.T."|DontStartUnbelieving|False|https://redd.it/ejjvvt|61|0.9|0|18|1|tifu
ejs4n4|2020-01-04 05:07:32|TIFU by sneezing on my coworker|" 

This happened last night so I guess not technically a TIFU.

A little backstory: I showed up to work at 4 pm last night to work what I thought was a 4-8 dishwashing shift. I got there and my coworker seemed confused, turns out my shift was 8 am to 4 pm, not 4 pm to 8 pm. Great. This is not the main issue I just figured I would set the tone with what an idiot I am. 

Anyway, my boss told me I could still work so I got to it. Probably about an hour and a half in I get that dreaded feeling we all know comes before a sneeze. so because I'm facing the sink I turn around and sneeze away from my work station. All is good until I turn around to go back to doing dishes and I feel another one coming. So I stopped mid-turn and sneezed, only to hear an ""Oh my god"" right below me. I open my eyes and lower my arm to see my coworker was directly beneath the splash zone. I'm nearly 6'2"" and shes probably only 5'6"" so I had no clue she was even there. She was understandably grossed out and I was pretty embarrassed.

Oops

TL;DR: I need to pay attention to those shorter than me"|bluesmanluke|False|https://redd.it/ejs4n4|9|1.0|0|2|1|tifu
ejk79s|2020-01-03 19:19:47|TIFU by Leaving my dildo in the sink.|"Hi reddit. This is my first TIFU, and it did happen today. Throwaway because my friends don’t need to know i have a pink dildo. 

So things got pretty heated with the boyfriend last night and we decided to break out the dildo, as we have a couple times. When we were done I tossed it into the sink declaring it was a “sober me” problem. Little did I remember that maintenance was doing an annual check in on every room in every apartment very early in the morning. 

I left the room to pick up a package as soon as they came in. As I came back and exited the elevator, the maintenance guys were entering. They stopped talking when the doors opened, but when i walked away i could hear them whispering. 

I get back to my room, walk into the bathroom and there it is, in all its pink glory. They had seen it, definitely. 

I see these guys every day, too. So to them, i’m probably gonna be Pink Dildo Girl for a while. Facepalm.  


tl;dr: got freaky with my boyfriend last night and broke out the ol’ pink dildo. Left it in the sink and the next morning maintenance went in my bathroom and saw it."|throwawaycuzIFU|False|https://redd.it/ejk79s|57|0.88|0|11|1|tifu
ejm4cd|2020-01-03 21:32:03|TIFU by Bluetoothing music to my girlfriend's car|"This happened about 10 minutes ago and I'm currently dying of embarrassment with no end in sight.

So my girlfriend's car needed to have its service today and I offered to take it in to the dealership while she's at work so she wouldn't have to do it on Saturday. I set up my phone Bluetooth so I could jam to some tunes while I drove. As I pull in, I'm listening to Kimono by Lil Boom and Dbangz (which if you haven't heard of, can be found here https://open.spotify.com/track/2ZJCiXNgleaoOP6zSWkzqy?si=GVs2Ye4ZThWLLUM_Owdoew). It's most definitely a NSFW song as it mentions a line such as ""hentai soldier, your waifu comin' over"" etc. etc. Now here's where the FU happened.

As I handed the keys to the dealer at the desk, I pull out my phone and see that Spotify is currently running. I immediately realize what is happening and shut off the Bluetooth in a panic. Which only makes things worse as the song starts playing through my phone at full volume for the whole lobby of the dealership to hear as Lil Boom serenades them with: ""scrollin' through PornHub I'm on page 4 cuz I nut quick as fuck to these big booty hoes.""

The dealer comes back in and sees me dying in the lobby wishing for rapture and says: ""Interesting music I was listening to in the car, who was that?"" As I tell him he hits me with the most disapproving glance I have ever seen and just says ""huh, never heard of him.""

TL;DR: I blasted the music equivalent of hentai in my girlfriend's car for a poor, unsuspecting man and in a lobby of a car dealership. Please send help.

EDIT: Forgot to mention I'm stuck in the lobby for 2 hours while the car is being serviced. There's no escape from my sins"|ROTCHunter|False|https://redd.it/ejm4cd|36|0.94|0|4|1|tifu
ejs85y|2020-01-04 05:16:09|TIFU by eating way too many sunflower seeds.|"This story involves bodily fluids, reader beware. And throwaway account because this was traumatizing.

So I love snacking on food when sitting at my PC, unfortunately that means i'll get fat, so I thought, why not try sunflower seeds, they're cheap, tasty and low in nutritional value. So I went to the store about 5 days ago and bought a 4lb bag of whole seeds that were salted, went home, and in 2 days I had eaten the whole bag, thinking nothing of it.

Then comes about 45 minutes ago, I had to go to the bathroom, unfortunately nothing seemed to want to come out and every muscle move caused extreme pain. After about 20 minutes of painful, meaningless pushing, I made the executive decision to remove the pipe blockage manually. So I inserted a finger and started the excavation, it was worse than I thought, all those seed shells were not digested *at all* and formed one large, very solid mass of sharp brown pain. After 5 minutes of agony the flood gates finally opened and after it was all over the toilet bowl looked like it was full of brown shattered glass.

Heed my warning folks, DO NOT eat 4 lbs of shell-on sunflower seeds in 18 hours without accepting the risks.

I now dread my next visit to the kings throne.

TL;DR: Ate about 4lbs of sunflower seeds and the shells did not digest properly, leaving the exit like a bag of broken glass."|ThatWeirdTIFUPost|False|https://redd.it/ejs85y|9|0.74|0|21|1|tifu
ejsaa3|2020-01-04 05:21:32|TIFU by trying to be healthy.|"Not today, but a couple days ago and I didn't think to post it until now. So I have pretty bad back problems. Genetic and just general being over weight stuff. My wife has been helping me by giving me some drinks that have supplements in them that are good for muscles and whatnot to help heal after a back injury. I decided to make my own on this day. I took some collagen, an elixir to help my immune system and come magnesium calcium. I grazed over the instructions on dosage and went on my merry way of chugging the 12-16 ounces of mixture. It had a pleasant tart pink lemonade taste.. A little while later, I felt my stomach gurgling which didn't cause me any alarm as I have GERD and it happens when I don't eat or ate something weird. I didn't think much of it. Well, a little while later, I had to fart. A quick fart check turned into a quick get up and run. I sit on the toilet and pretty much recreate a whale breaching for air. This happened all.....  day...... long..... I wasn't TOO concerned as it was painful or anything, I just had to keep running up every 20 minutes. I retraced my steps and read the instructions on the powders.. A scoop of collagen and about 2 round teaspoons of magnesium calcium.. or so I thought.. The magnesium calcium was 1-1.5 rounded teaspoons... Measuring teaspoons. I used a normal spoon with a well round amount to about 6 teaspoons total. My wife informed me she was only giving me a teaspoon. An actual teaspoon. She started cracking up and I had to run back to the toilet. Not a major FU, but one I regret and my asshole has a hit out on me for putting it through what would amount o an iron man challenge for your anus, all for the sake of trying to be healthy. The plus side, I dropped about 3 pounds!

TLDR: I took about 5 times more magnesium calcium powder in my drink and spent the day on the toilet. 


PS.... I broke the toilet seat during one of the many trips."|Misterbluepie|False|https://redd.it/ejsaa3|8|0.9|0|2|1|tifu
ej0e2y|2020-01-02 16:30:32|TIFU by revealing my Instagram feed at my new job (bank)|"This happened to me last week.
I'm a 20 yo, male. I was very recently employed at this bank's headquarters as a software engineer. Out of the 350 accounts I follow on Instagram only like 5 of those post nsfw content. I get in the elevator with other 10-12 very important looking people, I'm the last one to enter and I'm facing the door with everyone behind me facing the door as well. I unlock my phone and click on Instagram, in that split of a second while it's opening up I become aware that the luminosity on my phone is maxed out, as I go to lower it the first post loads and it's a nearly naked model with utterly large curves, I block my phone immediatly and put it in my pocket but I knew I had just played myself. Dude to my left clears his throat and moves a little bit trying to ease the discomfort I suppose. Dude to my right silently goes ""you horny mf"" and proceeds to giggle. Heard from behind someone going ""tssk"" as in ""what an idiot"". Big yikes.

Remember people, always have a 2nd account for nsfw, keep your mains clean.

TL:DR - im new at the bank, opened Instagram in elevator and now my co-workers think I'm a horny mf

Edit 1: spelling

Edit 2: this exploded thank you guys for sharing my awkwardness it's making me overcome it already ahah

Edit 3: yes guys if I get fired or pull a move on the girl I will update this"|sandu12985|False|https://redd.it/ej0e2y|14940|0.91|2|772|1|tifu
ejkupg|2020-01-03 20:03:48|TIFU by sending my boyfriend some nudes|"So, i've been in a pretty great relationship for 4 months now. Several days ago, my boyfriend asked me to exchange nudes and we did it. He told me that he had hidden the nudes and there's no way that anyone can see it. 
Everything is going well until my boyfriend's mom borrowed his phone and decided to be one nosy bitch and opened his texts and shit. She decided to open our chat and she read the whole thing. Turns out, she also saw our nudes. So, she just sent me a 5 paragraphs long of text telling me of how bad of a person i was and telling me i'm gonna go to hell. She also told me she would keep everything a secret as long as i cut off all contacts with my boyfriend. And yeah i've tried cutting off all contacts with my boyfriend. And i'm also super traumatized now, i don't know what to do anymore. My boyfriend hasn't tried contacting me in any way.

Note: sorry for the bad grammar, english isn't my first language. oh and me and my boyfriend are still underage.

TL;DR: my boyfriend's mom saw my nudes and she wrote 5 paragraphs long of text telling me how bad of a person i am and to cut off all contacts with her child

Edit 1: my bf's mom just sent me a 3 paragraphs long of text telling me that she'll forgive me if i repent my sin to God (she's a moslem). she also told me she has deleted the nudes and she doesn't allow me to contact his son ever again. oh and also my (ex) bf's mom is grounding his son rn and we (me and ma ex bf) can't communicate to each other in any way. 
thanks for the responses, guys :)

Edit 2: does anyone has any advice on dealing with fear and the anxious feeling i felt after this incident? i'm feeling super and anxious and it's making me nauseous af now"|confused-24_7|False|https://redd.it/ejkupg|29|0.75|0|35|1|tifu
ejrm50|2020-01-04 04:24:01|"TIFU by leaving out a note that my friend wrote to me with ""no homo"" written in it"|" This just happened and honestly I just want to crawl into a hole. As a little backstory, me and my friend have an inside joke that we are "" no homo wives"" because we're really good friends, but we don't like each other like that. She had to give me my Christmas present late because we had a really long break and she did't have a chance to give it to me before we left school and she wrote me a little card to go with it. It had a few inside jokes, and at the end she side she can't wait for another year of our no homo marriage. I left it out on the kitchen table, and my dad found it and read it. I was downstairs at the time with my mom so he came up to me and asked about it (I haven't come out to him yet because I don't know how he'll react because and I don't know how accepting he would be) in a kind of accusatory way in front of my mom (who probably can guess by now). I told him that we were just friends because we are exactly that, just friends and he looked almost disappointed in me. I don't know how to feel so now i'm literally hiding in my closet (ironic I know). I don't want to leave my room because i don't want to face him so i'm going to stay hidden for as long as I can.

TL;DR My friend who is the same gender as me wrote me a note where she called me her ""no homo wife"" and I left it out in the open. My not quite accepting dad found it and isn't exactly happy."|kermboi69|False|https://redd.it/ejrm50|6|0.8|0|5|1|tifu
ek5alt|2020-01-05 00:38:17|TIFU by drinking a full bottle of milk of magnesia.|"I woke up this morning with the feeling as though a rugby ball had been wedged in the upper part of my stomach and I had that acid indigestion that people often mention. I very seldom suffer from stomach problems so don't keep any stomach remedies in the house.

I had to go to the local post office to pick up a package so I picked up some milk of magnesia on the way.... the acid felt like it was burning my insides out so I downed the entire bottle of this stuff on route to my sorting office.

Well......... I must admit I have never consumed this stuff in quantity before but I have learn't a valuable lesson...... DO NOT DRINK THIS STUFF LIKE WATER.

I won't go into detail but in the last 8 hours my sphincter has never seen such action.... I have been in and out of the toilet every 20 minutes and I seem to have deposited what seems like 6 months worth of excrement into the North Sea...... seriously, this is not toilet humour, I just cannot believe how potent that stuff is and there's no signs of any respite........ I think this will be an all nighter on the pan 

The actual pan time is not too bad but it's the lower bowel rumblings that are hard to call....... you don't know whether it will be a F++t or a Sh++t and the only way of being sure is to visit the toilet.

I was making light of the Hurricane in Florida the other night........ I suppose this is payback and I get to experience the hurricane on my toilet 

Does anyone know of a good antidote to Milk of magnesia? I'm dehydrating like a california raisin here

tl;dr drank a full bottle of milk of magnesia, extreme crapping ensues"|pitchfork_master|False|https://redd.it/ek5alt|0|0.31|0|3|1|tifu
ejs4fw|2020-01-04 05:07:03|TIFU By Almost Brushing My Teeth With Sunscreen|"Obligatory wasn't today. It happened a few years ago, when I was in 7th Grade.

So, in 7th Grade, the entire grade went on a trip to Catalina Island for 5 days to learn about science and stuff. It was a ton of fun and I managed to bond and grow friendships with my friends a lot.

So that day was a really tiring day. We kayaked from about 10:00 A.M. to about 3:00 P.M, and hiked until dinnertime. We were *tired*. Everyone was, including me. So, I switched onto Autopilot when everyone was told to start getting ready for bed, which was around 9:30. So, I changed out of my sweating clothes, grabbed my bag of toiletries and headed for the guys' bathroom.

I enter the bathroom and a bunch of the other guys are brushing their teeth, washing their faces, etc. There's a line to the sinks, so I stand in line and wait. After a few minutes, it's my turn to brush. So, I walk on over to a sink.

Here's where the fun begins.

Now, you must be thinking, ""how did you mistaken sunscreen for toothpaste?"" Let me explain three things:

* I (stupidly) tossed my sunscreen in this bag earlier in the trip because... reasons.
* My toothpaste and sunscreen are both in tiny travel sized tubes, like the ones they give you at some hotels. They feel the same and are about the same size and shape. The only difference was the cap shape.
* I was on Autopilot. All I did was look for a small tube that felt squishy. I didn't feel for caps, I just looked for a tube. 

So, after a bit of feeling through my bag for a small tube. I find one and take it out, and find my toothbrush easily. I take off the cap and squeeze some ""toothpaste"" onto the brush. I found it kinda weird that the ""toothpaste"" sank into the brush's bristles instead of floating on top, but I was on Autopilot and didn't think too much of it. I opened my mouth and was about to brush, when one of my friends, who was next to me, said, ""Dude, why are you brushing with sunscreen?""

I look at him, confused. ""What do you mean?"" He points at the tube and I finally notice that it's sunscreen.

""Oh,"" I just say.

One of the other guys asks, ""What happened?"" My friend said, ""This idiot almost brushed his teeth with sunscreen!"" The guy starts laughing and telling the other guys, who also laugh. 

I laugh at my own stupidity, then clean my brush off and brush with actual toothpaste. I head back to the cabin, and I greet all my cabinmates who were here and just talk.

A few minutes later, one of the other cabinmates, a friend of mine that I'll call Jake, says, ""\[my name\], did you actually almost brush with sunscreen?""

""Yeah.""

One of the other guys say, ""Wait, you almost brushed with toothpaste?"" Everyone else busts out laughing, heckling me for my dumbassery. I joined in the laughter, and me and my cabinmates talked until we all fell asleep.

TL;DR: I had a tiring day on Catalina Island, went into autopilot mode, almost brushed my teeth with sunscreen because of said autopilot, and became the laughingstock of my cabin for the rest of the day."|OneOutOfSevenBillion|False|https://redd.it/ejs4fw|4|0.67|0|2|1|tifu
ejwk8a|2020-01-04 13:20:50|TIFU by eating lemon pepper seasoning|"Yeah yeah, it’s pretty stupid and all, eating lemon pepper seasoning, but it’s freakin gooood

So I’m watching reddit videos when I decide to eat more (yes more) lemon pepper seasoning, I’ve done this before, nothing could go wrong, right? It’s just seasoning

Well I start licking it out of my hand, it’s pretty good and I love it a lot so I have a LOT of it in my hand

I lick it about... 5 times? That’s when I get this really weird feeling... then I start coughing furiously...

Then my breathing became labored, it was to the point that I almost couldn’t breath! I started panicking and was about to head to my moms room for help when I see... well... Coca Cola 

I DOWN THE WHOLE COKE

After a few labored breaths, I can breath normally with a few breaths still a little labored

I’m so glad that worked, if not I was sure I was a goner

So I nearly died eating LEMON PEPPER SEASONING! Can I please have my award for most retarded almost death?

tl:dr ate lemon pepper seasoning, nearly freakin died :/"|an602tsar|False|https://redd.it/ejwk8a|0|0.5|0|10|1|tifu
ejkxhu|2020-01-03 20:09:18|TIFU By giving my 2 year old a dog treat.|"Just happened. My 2-year old is going through the terrible 2’s something awful (I have 3 total so this is nothing new). He wants to be picked up, doesn’t want to be picked up, wants to sleep, doesn’t want to sleep. Just generally upset if my wife isn’t holding him, but also upset if my wife is holding him. 

Anyway, wife was taking a shower and we are at the in-laws and a common technique for us to “calm” the youngest (2-year old) is to give him a small treat. Basically some small distraction. So the youngest is flipping out, absolute breakdown and again wife is taking a shower, so I hand my 2-year old a treat to calm him down. I hand him the Oreo looking treat thinking this will calm him down and, surprise surprise, it does. Wife and mother-in-law come into the living room and tell me, “That’s a dog treat!” 

It looked exactly like an Oreo so I didn’t look at the packaging too closely. They take it away from him and, of course, little guys flips out. I apologize and try to find a “human” alternative treat but the in-laws don’t have one. So I look at the dog treat packaging and realize the ingredients are the same as any other human food. I decided to just let him have it and be done with it. He seems happy. 

TL;DR I allowed my youngest to eat a dog treat in order to calm him down."|Only_For_Reddit_35|False|https://redd.it/ejkxhu|22|0.84|0|13|1|tifu
ejihf3|2020-01-03 17:20:44|TIFU by not canceling a vending machine transaction|"This is a very minor fuck up, but one that I think happens to a lot of people without their knowledge, now that it happened to me. 

After buying a drink from a vending machine, I walked away. Like I feel most people would.

A few seconds later, some kid speed walks past me wagging a Dr Pepper in my face, saying ""thanks for the free drink!"" 

Oops.

Apparently, vending machines that take credit/debit cards default to a ""two drinks per transaction"" setting, so after you buy a drink, it says ""make another selection."" you can either get a second drink, which closes the transaction, or hit ""cancel"" on the card reader. 

I don't know WHY it would be like this, but it is!

At least he didn't get a $3 monster or something lol

tl;dr, always make sure the transaction is closed when walking away from a vending machine, or some kid will steal $1.50 from you"|xMarina|False|https://redd.it/ejihf3|33|0.85|0|14|1|tifu
ejvyk8|2020-01-04 12:13:13|TIFU by being an completely asshole with the girl I had an crush on|"TIFU by being an completely asshole with my crush.

We’ve talked to get out and grab some coffee. The thing is that the girl won’t go out without her BFF. Kay, that’s not a problem since her BFF is the girlfriend of one of my bros.

Everything nice, had that damned coffee, seemed very fun. Until one guy just entered the pub we we’re in, and started bitching about some shit he has heard about the New Year’s party we throwed. 

After some time, he started to call my crush a bitch and shits like that, cuz, after what he said “This weirdo said to all the world he banged you.”.
Shit got crazy, everyone was something like “You soo shit. How could you say those things?” and stuffs like these.

I got up, grabbed my stuffs and said “If that’s what you think, then go fuck yourselves.”
Got out, filled with anger. 
Started doing some phone calls I’ve fuckin’ registered. Every guy that heard the story was like “But bro you we’re the whole night with us. That’s not true.”

After some detective shitz and all those overthinking stuffs, I call my crush to ask her so we can see each other and talk about this. 

She seemed nice ‘bout it, and we had a coffee togheter. 

Actually, the guy who throwed the party at his place, invited that guy 2 hours before anybody arrived, so he can attend the party with us. Then, everyone said that he should not come since he’s really a fake ass and would start his circus. 

The guy said that it was better that he wouldn’t come, and, that was all. 
But since one of his friends was there, he got some infos from him. Goddamn...

After all those stuffs, we kinda started to know that no one was lying, apart him. 

I tried to tell my crush what I’m feeling for her, but, she replied me something like “Even if it’s fake, this shit turned my head and made me lose all the interest I’ve had in you since we met. And I wouldn’t expect that you would be soo rude with us, to say that “go fuck yourselves” stuff.”

TL;DR : TIFU by not acting like a real man and saying that I’ve been atracted to her, until some bad shit happened. Funny part is that she was liking me, but, I’ve been soo stupid that I’ve messed up all the things and lost such a nice girl, just for some unrational phrase, said on a mental breakdown."|fuckthisoneainttaken|False|https://redd.it/ejvyk8|0|0.53|0|11|1|tifu
ejvm2q|2020-01-04 11:31:24|TIFU by not fixing my cars AC|"Obligatory ""didnt happen today, but last summer"" and ""writing on mobile, pardon my typing skills""

So, at the begining of the summer, my cars AC started to perform very poorly and needed a change of filters 5 years ago. I decided that ordering filters sounded expensive and didnt get it fixed.

Some time passes and while im driving to my classes, it starts to rain. Uh oh. Now usually, when its raining, i have to put my ac on max to prevent the foggy windows, except, of course, it did absolutely nothing now because i didn't bother to change my ac filters.

So im driving during rain, my windows get increasingly foggy and have the brilliant solution of opening my windows. Not a horrible decision when compared to driving with fogged windows, but not well though through one nevertheless.

Which is something i realized about 30s later, when a passing car drove through a huge puddle, drenching me in nasty, cold water.

I decided to make a short pitstop after that. Still had to go to my classes covered in puddle water.

Tldr: didnt change the filter in my ac, window got foggy during rain, drove through rain with open windows, got drenched by a passing car."|Murksiuke|False|https://redd.it/ejvm2q|0|0.5|0|3|1|tifu
ej8dh2|2020-01-03 02:03:33|TIFU by not learning my lesson and exploding a massive boil before seeing a girl I liked|"So this happened back when I was in university... Heads up (pun intended) this is super gross... so.. brace yourselves.

It all started with this lump on my back... right along my spine between the shoulder blades.  It had been there for years and nothing seemed to come of it, and it just looked and felt like a little lump.  One day in uni, I woke up in the dead of night feeling super itchy.  The lump had been a tad itchy before, but now it was at a point that I couldn't handle it anymore and actually got past that super sleepy stage where you just don't want to get out of bed, and I decided I'm going to go to the bathroom and take a look at what's going on back there.

I look in the mirror (to the best of my ability since it's on my back) and I can see sort of generally that the lump looks a bit more defined, a bit more red, and I start thinking, ""maybe all these years it really *has* been a pimple"" as I had been suspicious before but it had borne no fruit, so to speak, when I tried to coax any pus.

So I reach back and give it a bit of a squeeze...

Nothing could have prepared me for that moment.  I was not looking in the mirror when I squeezed, but I heard this \***PAF**\* noise and felt liquid running down my back so I turned around and it was like something out of a horror show.  I kid you not: blood and pus, ***everywhere***.  The mirror is covered with splatter.  It's on the sink, on the walls, a little bit of it made it's way to the adjacent toilet even... I didn't know how to process what I was witnessing.  I look between the splatter at my back and see blood just *pouring* down.  Okay, I maybe not pouring, but it was a continuous flow, and I was definitely bleeding.  The splatter is no exaggeration though...

Well now I'm **wide** awake, and I'm panicking.  The blood just doesn't seem to want to stop, and I, the poor, unprepared, and stupid university student, did not have any bandaids at all, so I'm just grabbing toilet paper and trying my best to press it against the hole in my back until the blood clots.  Eventually, it does.  Now I am left to clean the murder scene on the walls so as not to freak out any of my roommates.  Finally, after what seemed like forever, I was able to go back to bed, but of course I am WIIIIIIIIIIDE awake so that didn't happen all too soon.

In the morning, I shared this crazy story with one of my roomies because I just needed to share, and we had a good laugh.  Later that day, a friend of mine who I had a crush on at the time was coming by to visit.  I was stoked and invited her in and we were chillin out in my room when my back starts getting hella itchy again.  I'm thinking, ""ugh, not this stupid thing again"" and I excuse myself for a moment to go to the bathroom.

Well you can guess how stupid I am here.  Not having any foresight, or just because I assumed that the crazy death scene was a one-off, and all that I have is maybe a tiny bit of pus or something, I decided to give this guy a little squeeze again.

#\***PAF**\*

Oh no.  No.  No no no no no nononononono... again, blood running down my back, same murder, same M.O., same everything.  It is freaking everywhere.  But I don't stop there.  Oh no.  Oh no no no.  This time I figure I've gotta take care of this guy for good so I *keep* squeezing.  And oh man... it's like cheesy chunks start popping out in fits and starts like a popcorn popper.  And there's so much of it.  It seems like there's no end.  Finally after cleaning up the carnival horror, and wiping down the bathroom mirror and walls etc, I am left with one issue... still no bandaids, still bleeding.  I have already been in this bathroom *way* too long and she's gotta be wondering what I'm doing, so I take some of the paper towel, press it on my back again, put my shirt back on, and tried to hold the toilet paper in place.  

I had a plan.  I swiftly re-entered my room, albeit somewhat awkwardly because my hand was on my back, but I tried to pass it off like I was just scratching my back as I entered the room.  I then very quickly sat at my computer chair, leaning my back against the chair so that the toilet paper was now pressed between my back and the chair.  And I held that pose *the whole time*.  Yep.  I refused to leave my chair and refused to lean forward.  Chattin' up the girl I liked for a while, sitting super strangely until she got up to leave.

Oh crap.  Now what?  ... I just kinda lean back and am like, ""well... good to see ya! bye!"" and just did not get up.  No hug goodbye, just, thanks for comin' out, see yourself to the door m'lady.  She then walked down the stairs while I sat like an idiot in my bedroom and she let herself out.  Suuuuuuper smooth, me.

But there's a bonus part 3 to this story, because twice wasn't enough for me to screw up...

Fast forward to the present day, about 15 years or so after this incident.  My back-boil has been with me all this time, and after I emptied it out, it would slowly refill over time and once again I would have a pop-o-matic explosion, and the cycle would continue until I got better at just squeezing it on a semi-regular basis and keeping it ""on empty"".  Meanwhile there was now a divot in my back and I no longer have any feeling in that area, so squeezing never hurt me.  A reasonable person would have gone to the doctor long ago, but I have clearly shown that not to be my strong suit.  I had just gotten used to it.  But for some reason, now, I think, ah what the heck, I might as well ask a doctor about whether anything can be done.

So the doc explains to me that he can just... well... cut it out, apparently.  I didn't think it would be that easy, I assumed he'd have to do tons of work to squeeze out all the pus and seal it off so it can never hurt anyone again, but no, apparently you can cut the infected area right out of your back, and then get stitches.

I go through with it.  He makes all these comments about how it's tough as a rock, and I'm hearing all these scraping noises behind me, and he's workin' that scalpel, scraping away, occasionally confirming that it doesn't hurt and I keep saying, ""yeah man, I have no feeling back there, go to town"".  Eventually he breathes a sigh of relief and says, ""GOT IT! .... want to see it?""  I'm like, ""heck yes I do!"" And he shows me this fleshy orb, the size of a marble, and it smells SO RANK.  Oh man.  I couldn't believe this was in my back all these years and I just could have had it removed.  I now have a gaping hole in my back, though it's been stitched closed.

TLDR; I had a mega-pimple on my back (a boil) that I popped in the middle of the night that exploded everywhere on the wall in blood and pus to look like a murder scene, and after cleaning it and stopping the bleeding, I made the mistake the next day of meeting with a girl I liked, stepping out to pop the boil again, and had a repeat of the same problem. Then I swiftly re-entered the room holding paper towel on my wound to stop the bleeding and then pressing my back against the chair to hold the paper towel in place and acting all nonchalant. Refused to move and didn't see her out the door but was just like ""see ya!""..  15 years-ish later (present day) I finally had the boil removed as a marble-sized, gross, rank cheese ball and now I got stitches and a hole in my back and I'm an idiot, the end.

\*edit\* Changed the spelling of puss to pus. Woops, apparently that made for some hilarious sentences!

\*edit 2\* It was a cyst, not a boil. I forgot the doctor said it was a cyst, I was calling it a boil for so long my brain just kinda forgot I had been corrected on that"|i_already_regret_it|False|https://redd.it/ej8dh2|474|0.96|1|71|1|tifu
ejji61|2020-01-03 18:32:01|TIFU by making food for my bf.|"So this happened a couple hours ago and I still pretty upset.


Over the holidays we ate a lot of meat and I am not a big meat eater, maybe 3 times a month max so I was way over my limit.

We had duckbreats in the fridge and it would go bad if I do not cook it, so my bf volunteered to eat it by himself.

My usual recipy is a seewtiesh orange flavoured duck, but knowing he loves pepper and spices I decided to spice it up.

Cut the fat, salt and pepper on it, olive oil, some cinnamon, cover it in the steak spice he loves and put a good amount of that date jalapeño pepper chutney thingy we have. Squeezed some fresh orange juice on it, threw it in the air fryer, threw the lemon half's in it and some rose wine we had left as well as some orange liquor so it stays juice as the airfryer tends to dry stuff out.

Washed my hand, my utensils, served the duck he loved it (it was really good), washed the dishes.

Here comes the fuck up.

After dinner I go to the bathroom for my toilet routine. This includes after washing myself to take my contraception out of my vg and wash it (a silicon ring containing hormones). It just gets stuff stuck on it and I prefer to clean it.

After I am done I slowly feel like my whole inside are on fire.

At some point, either the steak spice or pepper or jalapeño sauce was not washed of completely of my hands.

Now I am sitting here, with the most uncomfortable feeling and expression on my face, to proud and ashamed to admit I just did rookie mistake no. 1.

It's not terrible but really uncomfortable, I have a cream applied but this will never reach my bfs ears as he will never let me life it down xD


Tldr; I made some spicy food, must have not properly washed it off and now my insides are burning."|kinky_firefly|False|https://redd.it/ejji61|21|0.82|0|9|1|tifu
ejh9ct|2020-01-03 15:55:29|TIFU by accidentally licking battery acid.|"Now, I can almost hear you thinking “How the hell does one *accidentally* lick battery acid?!?!” but hear me out. 

This happened last year; I was going to live with my grandmother for a bit and I was moving into my new room. I have my fair share of painted canvases with flickering LED lights—I think they’re so cozy looking—and was artfully placing them around the room. One of the big problems here was that the protective cover placed over the battery compartments on one of my paintings tended to be quite fickle, so it had fallen off yet again. 

I suppose one of the exposed batteries had a leak, because somewhere along the way a smear of battery acid got on my fingers. On any other day I might have wiped it off quickly—but I also happened to be snacking on Tootsie Rolls as I worked. Therefore, the tawny-hued smudge on my fingers looked to me like some residue from my candy. I absentmindedly sucked it off my finger—all hell broke loose.

Almost immediately it felt like a million microscopic needles were plunged into the tip of my tongue. It felt like I had just finished giving the devil himself a rimjob and he had mischievously crop-dusted me right after I was done. I would have drawn less attention to it if I had licked the tip of a burning match. Horrified and realizing what had happened, I started whimpering and dashed downstairs to the safety of Google and baking soda. Luckily I hadn’t swallowed it; I rinsed my mouth out profusely and brushed my teeth with the baking soda. Still, the shame with which I cleared my browser history was profound.

TL;DR  I was moving a leaky LED painting and munching on Tootsie Rolls, and thought that a streak of a corrosive chemical was an innocuous leftover from my snack. FML."|creepy_pie31|False|https://redd.it/ejh9ct|29|0.97|0|8|1|tifu
ejk7vy|2020-01-03 19:20:59|Tifu by buying my toddler the Rugrats movie!|"I've been debating on posting this for a couple of days, finally decided to go ahead and get it out. I'm on mobile, so forgive any autocorrect mistakes that may appear, I'll try to catch 'em all..

So, I actually bought the movie for my toddler as a Christmas gift. I loved Rugrats and thought she would too (and she did!). This is the DVD version of that orange tape where Tommy gets his baby brother Dill.

For any who hasn't seen it, there's a scene in there where Angelica, who is interested in Sherlock Holmes, leashes spike to go after the babies to get her doll, Cynthia, back.

New year's Eve, we get an invite to go to a bonfire and drink a little. We decide to leave my dad's truck at the bonfire and retrieve it in the morning and catch a ride home with my husband (who would arrive after getting off work) so we're not drunk driving.

Here's where the fuck up comes into play, and where I feel like a bad Mom.

I wake up around noon on the first to our dog kind of barking and a guy calling into my house if anyone is home. He has my nearly 3 year old toddler on his hip and our dog is standing behind him on the porch. Grandpa isn't home.

He tells me she had been out on the road chasing after our dog. I thank the guy and we immediately begin planning to get covers for the doorknobs so she can't wander out again. We also get cops to turn up and made sure we are aware of the dangers and we take precautions.

I explained that I know how lucky we are that she is home and not gone forever with some creep or plastered on the road and even as I'm reliving this by typing it for you my anxiety is up again.

As the cops are leaving Grandpa returns with his truck. It becomes clear that she had thought Grandpa just went to the car shop next door to visit, and was taking our dog over to get him to change movies for her.

I give her a firm talking to as I gather things to go buy those covers and my daughter randomly yells out ""Cynthia!"". I know I'm going to laugh about her acting out her favorite movie in a few months, but right now I'm still in minor shock from it.

We also talk to Grandpa and make sure that next time he leaves the house one of us is awake. Usually he's up before her, and she's up before us, and he doesn't usually go anywhere.

If you made it this far, thank you for reading. Parenting is scary, but make sure you cover your doorknob as soon as your kid can open them because you never know. I'm going to go apologize to my parents for the gray hairs I gave them.

Tldr: bought Rugrats movie for my toddler as a Christmas gift, two weeks later she tries to use our dog to hunt down Grandpa like in the movie, so we covered the doorknobs.

Edit: [Partners in crime](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ek3qlu/smile/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)"|Anuacyl|False|https://redd.it/ejk7vy|14|1.0|0|5|1|tifu
eji6gw|2020-01-03 16:59:45|TIFU by showing pictures and videos of small puppies I befriended to a close friend|"First post here. Please overlook the errors.

Today I met with a close friend at a fast food restaurant after returning from a vacation.

The place I visited had these two puppies who were still learning how to climb up a flight of stairs. Now I royally fucked up by showing him the album containing pictures and videos of the vacation. While going through the album, he came across a bunch of photos and videos of the above-mentioned puppies and sort of froze and kept staring at my phone for a long time.

After what seemed like an eternity he got up and went to place his order. Another friend who was accompanying me hissed, ""What TF is wrong with you?"" I couldn't figure out what did I do and he replied, ""His dog passed away a few weeks ago.""

I apologised to the friend after he returned and he said it was okay. 
Still feel like I should've been more careful

TL;DR Showed a friend a vacation album which most probably triggered old memories, didn't realise his dog passed away"|69blyatman69|False|https://redd.it/eji6gw|19|0.67|0|9|1|tifu
ejtn5y|2020-01-04 07:36:25|TIFU by almost losing 20 grand|"Its my first ever post so please be gentle.
It happened around a month ago. Company i work for, has a share save scheme, where you put money away from your wages and after three years you have a option to purchase shares. Share price is set at the beginning of the scheme, so there is a chance of earning some nice profits or worse case just opting out from buying and getting your money back. My scheme was due to mature beginning of December with profit of over 16k (20 including money i put in). I informed the company to buy the shares at the price set at the beginning and sell them straight away. After waiting for over a week, no money on my account. Called them, and while checking my details turns out i have done a typo on my sort code. One digit out.
Quick check on Google showed my some horror stories about money going to random people accounts and you need to take it to court to get it back. Due to Christmas and New Year's most offices and banks are closed so not much got done. And let me tell you Reditt it was not a good Christmas. Finally i heard back. Turns out that typo i did sent money to not existing account so it was returned and its safely with me. Moral of the story : triple check your account and sort code details! TL;DR money transfer gone wrong due to typo."|Gott84|False|https://redd.it/ejtn5y|0|0.47|0|1|1|tifu
ejtlw5|2020-01-04 07:32:35|Tifu by accidently friend requesting my brother's newish girlfriend on Facebook|"Pretty much explained in the title. My brother and I aren't that close (basically only communicate to say happy birthday or if there's an emergency), but when I was talking to my parents today and they mentioned that they just learned he has a girlfriend, and heavily implied that I shouldn't tell anyone (IDK who they thought I might tell anyway, but sure yeah I get it). 

It being the middle of winter holidays, I've been bored for the past week or so and have basically finished binging all the Netflix shows I'm interested in, I think to myself hey yeah, this is interesting. Find her easy enough on Facebook, browse, and then OOPS, friend request sent. Ofc I deleted it, but looking online it seems like they still get the notification, and the name/facial similarities are more than enough to put two and two together.... Fml. 

**TL;DR: I sent my brother's ""new"" gf a friend request on fb**"|Flock_of_Tacos|False|https://redd.it/ejtlw5|0|0.5|0|2|1|tifu
ejjfhy|2020-01-03 18:26:32|TIFU by scratching my Mom's brand new, very expensive refrigerator.|"A couple days ago, I ordered a very strong magnet made for magnet fishing. In case you don't know, magnet fishing is where you drag a magnet through a body of water to see what metal objects you can pull out.

My mom has also recently spent a small fortune on a brand new stainless steel Samsung refrigerator.

Anyway, today I received my package, pulled the large magnet out of the box, and immediately run over to the fridge and plop it right on there. It was at this moment I knew I had f**ked up.

I pulled and yanked, but my efforts were futile. The magnet stayed. So, being the genius I am, I slide the magnet across the door to pull it off, leaving a very large streak of scratches from the middle of the door all the way to the side.

I don't know what to do about it, and I certainly don't have the money to replace it. I feel super guilty about it, and I'm not sure how to make it right.

TL;DR: TIFU by buying a very strong magnet, sticking it to my mom's new expensive refrigerator, and trying to remove it, consequently  leaving large scratches across the door."|IowaCityNinja|False|https://redd.it/ejjfhy|10|1.0|0|9|1|tifu
ejp6h0|2020-01-04 01:13:59|TIFU by cumming all over my face|/r/sex/comments/ejodcv/the_time_i_gave_myself_a_facial/|Brioche-exe|True|https://redd.it/ejp6h0|3|0.61|0|4|0|tifu
ejtbd5|2020-01-04 07:01:29|TIFU by scarring my friend.|"I hope this is me fucking up enough for this subreddit. 
TL;DR at the end.

I take fencing classes twice a week. I don't talk to anyone besides two girls and a boy. This story is about the boy. Let's call him Dude.  Dude and I are pretty close friends.  Most of the time, I will approach him while waiting for the lesson to start and we'll talk.  Sometimes Dude will approach me first.  Today was one of these days.  I was sitting in one of the few comfy chairs that were there, resting my head in my hands. Dude came in and walked up to me and said 'hi'. I looked up at him and responded with 'hello'.  He looked at me with wide eyes and a terrified expression while clutching his waterbottle closer to his chest before walking away. He wouldn't talk to me for the rest of the lesson, even when i tried to approach him and start a conversation. I don't know if i accidentally gave him a death glare or if my tone was condescending but i scared him off.  I don't think I'm a very scary person.  I'm the baby of my friend group and would probably cry if you called me ugly or something. I also have to much anxiety to be mad or scary. I hope the next time i see him he will talk to me. 

I will also post more stories for my fencing class soon. 

TL;DR
My friend came up to me and i somehow scared him off by saying hello. He wouldn't talk to me for the rest of our lesson. IDK what i did wrong."|Depressed_MHA_fan|False|https://redd.it/ejtbd5|0|0.38|0|1|1|tifu
ej7ks0|2020-01-03 01:01:56|TIFU By Using My Dildo While My Parents Were Out|"Just a little backstory...I'm a 29 year old woman. My mother passed away in November, and all the hospital bills and funeral costs, and everything meant I couldn't afford rent anymore, so I had to move in with my dad and stepmother temporarily while I get back on my feet. And, this just happened a couple hours ago as I'm writing this.

Now, the kitchen is sort of the main 'hub' of the apartment my dad and stepmom have. The main entrance leads there in one corner. On the same wall as the main door, on the opposite end, is the bathroom. Then, on the same corner of the perpendicular wall is my bedroom. On the opposite side of the kitchen from the main entrance, there's a door that leads into the dining room, which connects to all the other rooms in the place. And the last thing you need to know, is my bedroom doesn't have a door. It's just a big room they decided to turn into the guest room, and it is really nice. However, as a result of it not having a door, I'm kind of stuck either being strategic as hell about my...'personal time', or doing it in the shower. Usually, this means I use my favorite toy when my dad and stepmom are out shopping, working, or whatever else. It means I'm home alone, and I can have one or two quick rounds before I have to worry about cleaning the toy and putting it away.

So, the moment they left tonight, I grabbed my dildo, and started having my fun. I was a good way into it when I suddenly heard the door unlock, and I just froze. I had been smart enough to put him in with my pants on, so I didn't look completely suspicious just for such an occasion, but I didn't account for the fact that the suction cup was out enough to make a clear 'bulge' in my pants where there isn't supposed to be one. Thankfully, I noticed, and quickly shoved my legs together. That hid it well enough, but then my dad asked me to help with putting some of the groceries away...and of course, that was when my stepmom ran into the bathroom(the ONLY one in the apartment...) I knew I was screwed.

Granted, my dad has a long history of not noticing shit, so I still had some hope, and it sounded like my stepmom would be in the restroom for a while, so I did my best to compose myself, and managed to walk out there with the dildo firmly held inside me by my underwear and pants. The movement was not helping my composure, however, and my dad seemed to notice a small groan I made and asked if I was alright. ""Oh, yeah! Lunch just isn't agreeing with me. I'll be fine..."" I lied. I was that much more careful as I moved to not make a sound, and finally got everything put away.

As I was heading back to my room, finally feeling some relief wash over me, my stepmother walked out of the bathroom, and stopped, seeing the obvious lump in my pants and, without thinking asked ""What is that?!"", pointing directly at my crotch. My dad, who'd nearly left the kitchen turned around to ask what was wrong, and I just stood there like a deer in the headlights. I didn't know how to respond. I just babbled like a moron, trying to come up with an excuse. I thought of everything from ""My menstrual cup/tampon fell out"", to ""Just a really big pad"" to ""It's my pants, they're weirdly designed"", but none of the words would come, and they both know I have an IUD which keeps me from getting a period at all, so most of those excuses wouldn't have worked.

My stepmother seemed to figure out what it was and looked at me extremely apologetically, but my dad was still curious why I was short circuiting, and I just ran into my room and hid in the far corner out of the door's view while I quickly removed it and hid it in my bureau before he could get past my stepmom and ask what was going on. She ushered him into the dining room area, and came back to the kitchen to cook dinner. While things were boiling, she went out to talk with my dad presumably about other things, but....When it was time for dinner, I went out to sit down and have my food, and my dad wouldn't stop looking at me with this really uncomfortable gaze, like he wanted to say something, but didn't know where to start....

So...Now I'm in my room, wishing I had a door so I could hide away from the world while this washes over and becomes one of those stories we all look back on and laugh at...

TL;DR I used my dildo while my dad and stepmother were shopping, and now they both know I have it.

UPDATE: Okay, first off, I have had a lot of bills that I had to take care of which left me unable to afford rent on my own. My mother and I were living together before this, because she had nowhere else to go, and individually, neither of us could afford a place, AND I have college to worry about still(that's a long story in and of itself). So, it was a mess. She was helping to pay for some of the commodities as a result, which now I have to pay for since it was all in my name. So, no, I don't have to pay the medical bills. But the funeral, and all the other bills STILL were too much for me alone, so...there's that explained.

UPDATE 2: My dad still doesn't know about the dildo as it turns out. My stepmother just told him not to worry about it, but he was still confused and concerned about me over dinner, so he was eyeing me, trying to figure it out still, but he didn't know what to ask. Thankfully, it's less awkward than I thought, but he's still a little suspicious."|Patchwork_Stiltfox|True|https://redd.it/ej7ks0|226|0.92|0|54|1|tifu
ejc4r8|2020-01-03 07:30:08|TIFU by forgetting how conversation works after starting one with a cute girl|"Tl;dr: boy meets girl on a cross country flight. The stars align and give him multiple opportunities to start a conversation. Boy forgets how to converse like an adult and botches it. Boy must wait for stars to align again.

This TIFU happened just yesterday after a cross country flight from NY to Seattle. I moved to Seattle about half a year ago and have been enjoying life here so far. My new job has been going well, and I've found a competitive gaming community through which I have made a lot of friends.

However, the biggest thing that's been missing in my life is intimacy, and I mean that in broad terms. That feeling is not limited to just sex or anything; I miss the really close friendships and romance that I have experienced back home on the east coast. So, meeting new people (especially potential romantic partners) has been at the front of my mind for a while now.

All of a sudden, while I was waiting in line to check my bag, I saw a cute and energetic puppy in the line next to mine. Then I noticed that the dog had an even cuter owner. I'm not one to strike up conversations with strangers very often, but I felt a sudden wave of emotion that compelled me to speak up. I don't know why, but I stifled that urge. Maybe I was afraid of coming off rude or weird. Maybe the native New Yorker inside me told me to fuggedaboutit (sorry lol) and not interact with a stranger. Either way, I made it to the front of the line, checked my bag, and walked away, immediately regretting that I didn't open up a conversation.

Before boarding began at my gate, I saw that the girl and her dog would be on the same flight as me! I mustered up some courage and walked over. I asked if that flight would be her dog's first, and she said that her dog was actually a pretty seasoned traveler at this point. A family near us asked a couple other questions about the dog, but the whole interaction didn't go any further than that.

I thought about it for a while on the plane, and continued regretting that I didn't say anything on the baggage check line. Fast forward to the end of the flight. I was thinking that if I got lucky, I would maybe have one last chance for conversation at baggage claim. I was at the way back of the plane, so I wouldn't have been surprised if she already got her stuff by the time I got there. Lo and behold, she was still there talking to a couple who also brought their dog on the plane. The couple got their luggage and headed out, so I nervously scooted on over and started with another dog-themed opener. She was receptive to that, and the conversation started off pretty well!

But then, I just completely FORGOT HOW CONVERSATIONS WORK.

I've done theater (both scripted and improv) throughout my life and I'm a pretty social guy, so I have no qualms with public speaking or anything. But I could barely make eye contact with her. I kept tripping over my words. I inserted awkward pauses into the middle of my sentences because I couldn't remember which word I wanted to say next.

I'm currently 22, but I felt like a middle schooler going up to his crush to ask for homework help because homework is the only way he knew how to relate to her. I was able to talk about the dog for a little while, but once the dog crutch was gone, it was the Wild West of Words.

We were on the topic of meeting new people (turns out she moved around the same time as I did), and I mentioned the gaming community I'm a part of and said I was interested in getting into comedy more. I failed to ask her what she does for fun. I never even asked what she does for work, which would've been a super easy way to keep the conversation afloat. I got my luggage while we were talking, and at a certain point she starts saying goodbye. I'm not sure if she was disinterested in me, or if she interpreted my lack of eye contact as a sign that I was disinterested in her, but I walked away and let out a BIG ol' cringe.

What surprised me even more is how much I've been thinking about it. I don't think I've ever had an awkward interaction where I've continued to kick myself this much after the fact.

I think I started writing this post both as therapy to vent and deal with the cringe, but also as a last glimmer of hope. Seattle's not a huge city, so maybe she'll eventually stumble upon this post, or we'll run into each other on the street or something. I've never considered myself a hopeless romantic, but this definitely qualifies me to be one haha. Hey I mean if something were to somehow work out after all this, it'd be a pretty crazy love story 🤷‍♂️"|Comet09|False|https://redd.it/ejc4r8|66|0.93|0|5|1|tifu
ejmpwi|2020-01-03 22:14:03|TIFU by throwing a snowball at my dads car|"Not recent, but the snow reminded me of it. When I was little, I would sit on a snow bank that always got made due to the snow being shoveled from my driveway and whatever and I’d throw snowballs at cars. My brother would usually join, but he was at the dentists so I was alone - but my parents couldn’t yell at me. (Sister was babysitting. Not well.) Anyways, I start my rampage throwing snowballs at all the cars. For what reason? Not trying to make them crash, just mere annoyance, honestly. I was an asshole kid. Anyways, a car comes up along the otherwise empty street, and with a shit eating grin I chuck my huge, glorious snowball. The car stops and my heart does too as my father steps out. He YELLED at me for what felt like hours, and I was grounded for months. Not amazing, but I thought it was fitting, lol.  


TL;DR: I threw a snowball at my dads car by accident and got yelled at and grounded"|Laney_the_queen|False|https://redd.it/ejmpwi|4|0.72|0|3|1|tifu
ej9iqn|2020-01-03 03:33:03|TIFU by mistaking condoms for candies|"When this happened.I was just 12 years old.

I went to a convenience store to buy some snacks.

When I reached the cashier, there were about 8 people
behind me, waiting in line.

As I was paying, my eyes went to this fancy and cute
looking small box.

It has a picture of fruit on it and was very bright, I was
curious.

I picked it up from the shelf, thinking it was a candy or
chewing gum, and put it on the cashier.

Then the clerk looked at me curiously.I looked at him back in confusion.

Clerk: ""How old are you?""

Me: ""12, why?""

Clerk: ""Are you sure you want to buy that?"" *lifting the
small box up*

Apparently the people behind me saw the box too and
began to giggle like hell. I was thinking what the hell?

Me: ""Yeah, I'm sure.""

Clerk: ""Are you REALLY SURE???""

Me: ""Yes! Am I not allowed to buy some candy?""

Then everybody burst with laughter.

I just stood there, questioning the situation, what the
actual fudge cake is happening?!

Clerk: ""Please read the description on the box
carefully."" *handing back the box to me while giggling*

Hmm, what's wrong with them seriously.. I thought. 
This is just a strawberry flavored....
""CONDOM????!!!""

I freaked the hell out!

Upon my expression, everybody laughed at me again. I
quickly put the box back on the shelf and quickly ask
the clerk to process my payment.

I left the store looking as red as a tomato.

Moral lesson : Always read the description.


TL : DR   i mistook condoms for candy and embarrassed myself"|drvignesh163|False|https://redd.it/ej9iqn|123|0.92|0|13|1|tifu
ej035n|2020-01-02 16:07:13|TIFU by falling asleep on the job and forgetting what day it is|"BACKSTORY:   
  I have mild insomnia, falling asleep isn't that hard it's STAYING asleep that escapes me. So in a flash of brilliance on my part I decided to drink some ZzzQuil because it was 3 am and I might have had a solid 30 minutes of sleep? I have work in a few hours, yay. In a second stroke of genius I was going to be productive while it kicks in and I went out to the store to grab some groceries I needed and even picked up a water vaporizer as I heard it may help me sleep a little more comfortably. With my new water vaporizer cranked up, a full belly thanks to the garbage food I found at the checkout line, and being dosed by myself earlier I promptly conk out until my shift starts.  

  ALSO BACKSTORY: 
 
I have the luxury of working at home around the holidays as long as I plan to have something I can actually do while out of the office. Well things have been terribly slow due to the holidays and year end stuff so rather than work from the office and do nothing, I opted to work from home and do nothing!! 

THE F UP: 
  
Well the story begins by me getting up, log in, yadda yadda work starts. Thinking I am oh so clever and using a macro to keep my screen from going asleep so I have the appearance of being online and available for all your customer service needs! This also allows me to hear the DING of any incoming emails. Cool idea or what? That leaves me free to do anything I wish as long as I keep an ear out for the emails, NO PROBLEM BOSS!  So after maybe 30 minutes of browsing reddit and picking my nose a bit, I decided that I was gonna lay on my bed and ""rest my eyes"" as already I had no new emails no web training, nothin', nothin', nothin', bored, bored, BORED. Oh yeah, I'm also still a bit groggy from the ZzzQuil and having had a nice snack a few hours before. Anyways, I keep my door closed so my family (mainly the kid and cats) not interrupt my uh, ""VERY IMPORTANT"" work. As I was laying there I was aware someone opened the door to let my kitty out for breakfast, no biggie, anyone is welcome to come and go if they can be quiet when I am on the phone. That is the last thing I remember before completely conking out. 

I wake up about 2 hours later surprising myself, I hardly ever sleep that long in a shot at night let alone after catching a few Z's thanks to ZzzQuil (no I am not sponsored by them but if anyone can make that happen slide into my DM's). I get up and sure enough no emails, still nothing NOTHING. I get up and I call out for my daughter to make sure she's up and fed. No response. I then check her room, the couch the kitchen.... then her room, my room, bathroom, her room, the couch, the kitchen, the attic, the basement. I kept calling out her name quickly becoming distraught, this is a very bad joke I am telling her and she needs to come out NOW! ... No response. That's when I lose my absolute shit. I am in my pajamas running outside around the house to make sure she didn't leave and get locked out in the cold. I woke my brother up (works nights) he starts looking, we comb the place one story at a time attic to basement, not there. In order to make this a bit more readable I will do what happens next in list form.   (also sorry I suck at writing)
  
* Still in my PJS out in the freezing cold of a winter morning, frost still on the grass and cars I run to the neighbors bang on doors, check her friends house, nobody answering me and dread is rising.   
* Called 911 - the whole deal, car sent out - rolls up on me banging on doors and follows me to the house to help look again.   
* Checking in cabinets under beds in dark corners of the basement, shed, neighbors shed. Anywhere we can think of!  
* Call her mother to make sure she didn't pick her up for some reason or if she went somewhere with her older sister. NOPE
* Mom calls back after checking with older sister, no answer from her since she is at school, does daughter have school? 
* Daughter can't be at school, she only goes back to school on THURSDAY.
* The cop and my brother stare at me as things start to sink into place. I forgot what day it was. 
* The cop rides down to verify and I am on my phone getting upset over the stupid slow auto answer prompts and sure enough I am able to verify she was at school. Cop calls a few minutes later and told me she came to tell me but thought I was sleeping so she just left.   
SO THAT'S WHO OPENED THE DOOR TO LET THE CAT OUT. 
  
I AM SUCH A MORON. Cop offered to send an ambulance to ensure my impending heart attack didn't kill me.   
  
TLDR: I fell asleep and forgot what day it was and called the cops because my kid went to school and I thought she was missing.  
 
  
Edit - OK OK the comments have spoken I will get tested for sleep apnea sheesh!"|Crazycatdood|False|https://redd.it/ej035n|956|0.96|0|61|1|tifu
ejxjgp|2020-01-04 14:55:10|Tifu by doing the deed with the girl of my dreams nsfw|"I am on mobile sorry for bad english skills) 
Obligatory not today but on new year's I went to a party that I knew the girl I liked (gomd) was going to (I am a guy so you might see were this is going).

It was a small party of friends 6 or 7 of us were there the ""party"" consisted of us haveing a few drinks and watching movies and listening to music. As the party progressed I was watching a movie with everyone but I was feeling a little cold/bold and to my left the gomd had a blanket I asked if I could use the blanket she said yes I could.

When I got under the blanked initially I didn't think much of it I watched the movie (some shitposty movie cant rember the name of it) but after some time I thought ""man you should try to hold her hand (leave me alone I like the soft stuff of a relationship) I reached over slightly and took a gental grasp of her hand to which she moved her hand onto my thigh above where I keep my phone.

Gradually she (or me kinda foggy becouse of the experience) moved her hand to where my pen** was sha then started to move her hand rhythmically back and forth, so then I made a move and put my hand on her thigh just above the knee and slowly higher untill she moved my hand up to the outside of her pants above her vagi*** I started to do the thing.

Later we went and cuddled on a bed in the same room but it was in the dark after that we all went and watched the ball drop upstairs then came blackdown and watched another movie by the time 2 am rolled around i her and I and for the most part everyone went to bed her and I went upstairs to sleep on the couches (there was two) I shot her a text then walked over and started to talk to her (me being a teenage boy 16 my mind had focused on only one thing) I asked if I could finger her (I am pathetic I know) she said yes I could me being a dumbass asked if I could go all the way (I had a condom) she said yes but becouse we weren't sure everyone had gone to bed I was nervous (on top of the fact she is an 10 and I am a 4) I only lasted like 5 min but I kept going for like 30s after (becouse it was REALLY sensitive after I nutted) and I am not sure that I didn't get her pregnant.

TL ;DR 
I went to a party with girl of my dreams we teased all night then got hot and heavy I bust and kept going now I might be a teenage dad."|REDACTED1323|True|https://redd.it/ejxjgp|0|0.36|0|18|1|tifu
eislla|2020-01-02 03:28:54|TIFU by explaining to my cousin that the Earth is more than 2,000 years old.|"Edit: **She may have said 6,000 years**. Replies here seem to support that it was most likely 6 based on the young-earth theory.

Obligatory this happened as a kid.

Some quick back story -- I was raised in an affluent/educated urban area, but all of my Mom's extended family are super country and live on farms. Most of my cousins are home schooled, but I always assumed this was just because the school systems suck there (they do suck). I enjoyed going to see my Grandparents cause I got to play with my cousins (only child) and spend time outside on the farm. We would mostly just drive down there for holidays or during the summer.

On one of my visits to Grandma's, our uncle took me and my little cousin to a big gun show/flea market type thing.

We were looking through this vendor who had a bunch of fossils, shark teeth, stuff like that. I thought it was really cool and pointed out a fossilized shark tooth. Underneath it, the description said something like 'this fossil is over 4 million years old'.

I showed my little cousin (she was 10). She got this really cheeky grin like she had some big secret, looked at me, and very matter of factly said 'This isn't real, the Earth is only 2,000 years old'.

I thought she was joking, so I laughed a bit and asked what she meant. She explained that she was 100% confident the Earth was only 2,000 years old, because she learned it in school and it was even in her textbook; therefore it must be true.

I started explaining...well, science... to her, and she kept insisting it was in her textbook; that evolution was false. She grabbed our Uncle and explained the situation and wanted him to tell me how wrong I was. He got this really worried look, told us it was time to go and he would explain once we got back to the truck.

The entire ride home he was tiptoeing around the subject, explaining we are taught different things in school; and finally settled on 'Well, God's time is different than our time, so when the Bible says 2,000 years; that's in God's time. For us, that's a lot longer, maybe millions of years. So you are both actually correct.""

Yeah, I knew my cousin was home schooled, but had no idea her textbook was called 'The Science of Creation', and she was literally being taught that evolution/science was false; and only what is said in the Bible is fact.

Once her dad (my OTHER Uncle) found out about the whole thing, he accused me of being a bad influence on my cousin (a year earlier I got in trouble for letting her hear a Jazz CD, and mentioning Harry Potter, which is witchcraft and satanic apparently).

**I was never allowed to play with her again during any of my visits to grandmas, out of my Uncle's fear I would corrupt her.**

&#x200B;

**TL;DR - Was forced to stop spending time with my cousin as a kid because I told her about Science.**

&#x200B;

**Edit 2: Holy shit guys, thanks so much for getting this to the FRONT PAGE of Reddit!** I never expected the post would get so much attention, but 9th top post overall, WOW!

**Edit 3: Thanks for Gold Award kind stranger!** That's my first gilding ever!"|Butt-Pirate-Roberts|False|https://redd.it/eislla|26587|0.89|1|2621|1|tifu
ejnta1|2020-01-03 23:33:50|TIFU By breaking a TV with a plunger|"So, sorry for bad typing stuff. I'm on mobile.

So here's a small amount of background. I live in England, moved there from America. I still come over to my hometown every so often. I have three good friends and a couple of acquaintances. I'm with who we will call M and another person called P, at M's house.

So M, P and myself are all screwing around, and then we calm down, watching The Mandelorian on his TV. P is texting his girlfriend, and we start screwing about again. M's bathroom is really near the TV in his basement, and I get the plunger.

I swing it *slightly* too hard. It FLIES out of my hand and obliterates the TV. It's cracked inside. M's dad is making pizza, and soon we go up. We bring it as casually as we could. He chuckles, then brings M aside. We later hear that his dad took 400 dollars out of his bank account. I felt really bad, but I'll try to pay him back as soon as I can, so it's ok I guess.

TL;DR I smashed a TV with a plunger, my friend loses 400 dollars."|cradaper|False|https://redd.it/ejnta1|2|1.0|0|1|1|tifu
ej1kuv|2020-01-02 17:57:09|TIFU by stinking up a public bus|"After having a meal at a coffeeshop I had to take a public bus home. To get to the bus stop there is a pathway about 30 meters long. There was nobody around me (I checked) and I needed to fart badly because of my heavy meal and I have IBS (irritable bowel syndrome) which causes bloatiness. 

So while strolling to the bus stop I let go of this long ass silent fart. It's one of those that feels like releasing air from a balloon - a good 5 second release. I could feel it filling up my pants and I could feel the heat of it traveling down my hamstrings to my calf.

Now 20 meters away from the bus stop, right immediately after my asshole clenched shut for business I turn and see my bus coming and there is no traffic light to slow it down. I am familiar with the bus frequency so I had a choice: run for it or wait another 20 minutes or so. I made a run for it.

Now I didn't forget about the fart. While running I keep smacking the back of my pants hoping the fart inside would dissipate by the time I board. I made it to the bus and thought to myself: surely a fart 10 seconds ago plus all that whacking would have cleared the pants. I was wrong. It didn't hit at first because I was walking but once I sat down I could smell the familiar smell of sulphur, rotten eggs (because of IBS) in the air slowly creeping into my nose. I start to hear the other riders exhaling forcefully out of their nostrils and I knew they all could smell it. The only thing that saved me from utter embrassment is that it was non-peak hours and the bus only had a handful of passengers but still there were about a dozen. I looked out the window and acted like nothing happened.

TLDR: Farted and saw bus coming. Ran for it thinking smell had gone but stank up the whole bus instead."|pinkguyfriedrice|False|https://redd.it/ej1kuv|437|0.95|1|46|1|tifu
ejbfo5|2020-01-03 06:19:38|TIFU by squirting an enema out my butt while having sex with my wife|"This happened last night.

Where to start...

I have Ulcerative Colitis. UC is an inflammatory bowel disease. When I have flair ups I use a prescribed enema to reduce the symptoms. 

My wife and have sex after I use an enema. We normally wait about 30+ minutes to give my gut time to relax. Never had an issue before.

Now this is flu season and I am hanging out with all my family. In laws, notices and nephews and young kids with germs. I got the flu. 

I do not take many over the counter drugs because they upset my UC but I had to because I was sicker then ever. It really upset my stomach. Big time.

A few days pass and I'm feeling better but my gut is not. It is dealing with the over the counter drugs that upset it. My wife (who has been living at our home in PAand is visiting me, I'm currently working and living in AZ, staying with my in laws) and i get a little frisky and we wait 30 minutes afterwards I do my butt thing. 

Sure enough, right when the moment is getting good I did some odd move and relaxed when I shouldn't have and squirted my enema all over the nice white sheets of the bed in her in laws casita.

It has been an odd 24 hours.

Tl:dr : I have inflammatory bowel disease. I use a prescribed enema. Have not seen wife in while due to work. Got sick with flu. Over counter drugs upset my stomach. Wife n I did the dirty and I forgot about my enema and the flu. Then during the fun I sent some enema and poo on some nice white sheets."|runningdownhill|True|https://redd.it/ejbfo5|38|0.76|0|8|1|tifu
ejpsou|2020-01-04 02:00:56|TIFU by unknowingly bringing up a tinder dates childhood trauma.|"I'm currently living in Korea.  I matched with a British woman on Tinder about 45 days ago.  She was moving to Korea from England for work soon, and she started her Tinder game early.   Surprisingly, we hit it off pretty instantly.  FaceTiming for hours almost every day, constantly talking.. we even played WoW Classic together.  Shit was great.

Pretty early on we established she was taller than me, I'm about 5'6 and she's 5'7.  Not a big deal really, or so I thought.  She arrived in Korea, and the plan was to meet her at her hotel.  Things were going pretty good.  Talking, enjoying each other's time, normal stuff.  Then things started to get a bit sexual.  We end up in the shower together and that's where things went downhill.

Unknowingly to me, I found out she was molested as a child.   When things started getting hot and steamy for us, she stopped.  She told me it felt like she was being touched by a boy because I was shorter than her and had the same body frame as her.  She didn't know how any adult could enjoy doing that to a child.  It reminded her of her childhood and she had a panic attack.  She wanted to be alone so I left.  What an interesting day that turned out to be.

&#x200B;

TL;DR:  Met a Tinder girl after 45 days of talking, my touch alone brought back childhood trauma of molestation.

&#x200B;

Edit:  I appreciate being told it wasn't a fuck up, though I can't help but feel like I'm to blame for this one.  It sucks because I really enjoyed her company and I doubt we will ever be on the same page as we were prior to this happening."|magnets1990|False|https://redd.it/ejpsou|0|0.4|0|3|1|tifu
ej19lf|2020-01-02 17:34:31|TIFU by sending my wife and daughter to the worst movie ever|"This happened yesterday, and I still feel pretty bad.

&#x200B;

It's school vacation at our home and with some raging cabin fever I encouraged my wife to take my 5 year old to go see a movie, while I stayed home with the baby and cleaned things up around the house.  We took a look at our local venue, searching for Frozen II but alas, we were too late.  However, Moviefone listed Cats (2018) as in theaters.  The poster looked like the same animation style as Secret Life of Pets, so I showed it to my wife.  She questioned whether it was supposed to be the new Broadway remake, and I figured it was just a matinee showing that they were running for school vacation week as there aren't a ton of children's movies out right now.  She reluctantly agreed and decided to go.

&#x200B;

Almost 2 and a half hours later I get a single text - a sad face emoji.  I was confused, so I replied ""what's up?"" to which I received no reply.  

&#x200B;

Let me preface the next part.  For the better part of a week I've been reading my wife the terrible reviews of the CATS Broadway film because they are, by and large, some of the funniest reviews I've read for anything.  

&#x200B;

When my wife and daughter came home I expected some exuberation, some excitement for having to have had the ability to go to the movies and get out of the house.  What I received were the blank, dead-eyed stares that I'm sure would've rivaled a shell-shocked WWI veteran.  I instantly knew what had happened.

&#x200B;

My wife went into detail about how, after 25 minutes of previews, a lovely animated kids flick didn't come up on screen.  No, it was the rancid hairball that I'd been ripping on and laughing about with her for the past week.  Apparently it was as confusing, boring, and awful as every review made it out to be.  What's even better was that when I asked my 5 year old how the movie was, her little brain couldn't articulate how bad it was.  

&#x200B;

Laughing hysterically was not the appropriate initial response to what I'd both subjected these poor girls to; my daughter in particular was not entertained by the amount of laughter I had.

&#x200B;

Next time, I'll let them search for their own movie.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Thought I was sending my wife and kid to a fun animated kids film, instead sent them to a bizzaro Broadway remake with horrendous reviews.

EDIT: HERE'S A SCREENSHOT OF THE MOVIE. I didn't see reviews for cats, and assumed it wasn't cats.

https://imgur.com/a/rOw14WI"|TehSeraphim|False|https://redd.it/ej19lf|374|0.89|0|56|1|tifu
ejcpjp|2020-01-03 08:37:28|"TIFU by driving thousands of miles making my ""friend"" money and believing he would pay me"|"So, this didn't happen today, but it concluded today. Back in September, my friend decided he wanted to start a bussiness. For that, he would need to meet with people in another state. He gets car sick and has vision issues but refuses to get glasses, so he asked me to drive him in my car(about 615 miles each way) and he would pay me $0.25 per mile on the way there, and $0.50 on the way back, and that totaled just over $2500.  I said okay, and made this trip 6 times. Today I go to contact him to get the money and he has blocked my phone number, and all of my social media. He has made over $15,000 in the past 3 months, and I have spent over $700 on gas and car maintenance. Worst part is, I got a new car, and right after lost my job, and I can't afford the sales tax, tilting, and cost for getting new licence plates. Now I feel like an idiot, and like I can't trust anyone. I have a new job lined up, but since I can't afford the car expenses, I won't be able to drive to and from work. I'm getting kicked out of my parents house(I just turned 19) and will be homeless come Feb. 1st.



TL;DR Did a lot of work for my friend and made him $15,000 because he promised he would pay me, and he blocked me on every platform, now I can't afford to keep my car, and I will be homeless in a month"|Swedisheclipse00|False|https://redd.it/ejcpjp|18|0.79|0|30|1|tifu
eje8nr|2020-01-03 11:33:20|TIFU By accidentally letting my mother listen to her Ex-husband ramble about Nazis|"This happened New Year's Eve, and needs a slight bit of backstory. My parents have been separated for most of my life, but I try to keep good contact with my dad (I grew up with my mom.) They had a messy divorce so neither of them holds the highest opinion of the other.

Anyway, for the fuck up...

I'm home from school for the holidays playing games in my room while my mom and stepfather setup for the NYE party downstairs. I get a call from my dad after some time, he was just calling to wish me a happy New Year. We start just going on about random stuff, kinda hopping from topic to topic, and eventually I was promoted by something to bring up quilts. Now, we've been talking for at least 2-5 minutes at this point, so the timing is honestly hilarious. Once I bring up quilts he starts talking about this really old and detailed quilt he saw at a flea market type-place. Apparently it was made during WWII, by the wife of a German soldier. I respond with something like ""wow, that's kinda neat"", so he goes into more detail; right as my Mom turns on the communal Bluetooth speaker we have in the kitchen downstairs. All I notice is suddenly I can't hear my dad anymore, and it takes me a good 10-20 seconds to realize ""Oh hey I'm playing my call through Bluetooth, weird."" I turn it off and he still just going on. A few seconds later I start getting a call from my Mom, so I tell him I have to go. 

She literally called me to tell me she heard my father rambling on about swastikas, and to please disconnect from the Bluetooth speaker. I was mortified.


TL;DR while on the phone with my Pops, the call is routed to the downstairs Bluetooth speaker just in time to for my Mom to hear him talk about Swastikas."|thebeast5268|False|https://redd.it/eje8nr|9|0.84|0|2|1|tifu
eji77j|2020-01-03 17:01:09|Tifu by bricking an SD card|"Obligatory this happened Not today but on the 26th of December .
So I got a raspberry pi as a Christmas gift and it was the 25th and I got it up and running. For those who don’t know, a raspberry pi is a small (think credit card sized) computer for hobbyists etc. One can get one for around 30$. One can pay more to have the OS already downloaded, I however am not the type to do so. It’s not too terribly complicated to write the software to the removable(also fairly cheap)disk. I.E. SD card. I downloaded the desktop(I think it’s called Debian)and the bootleg Netflix, OSMC. So next I try to connect something through Bluetooth to we’ll say gifts 2 and 3. I connect to gift 2 successfully and wow it’s really easy and simple to do. I then try to connect gift number 3. At first, gift 3 is difficult to find and it also doesn’t help that I’m not too familiar with the OS but that’s cool. I finally find gift 3. I feel like I’m making progress. I then try to use gift 3 as an audio output. I keep getting interesting error messages. Successfully paired but not connected. I found that it wouldn’t connect to gift 3. Ok cool. Let me download some Bluetooth module via Linux. Cool, downloaded. Try,it again,doesn’t work. I tried to make the connection for a good 15-20 min and it still doesn’t work. I restart the pi and then realize I cannot connect to gift 2 either. So lemme try to wipe the SD card cause surely between downloading ImageJ(an image editing program primarily for the medical profession) by accident(wrong incompatible version) and this error, I’d probably be better if I started over from scratch(oh goodness gracious no). I start wiping each of the partitions on my SD card. Noobs sure added a lot of them goodness gracious. And I finally empty all of the partitions.It really took a bit because of how many there were. I, however wanted to start over from square one without a bajillion partitions. I decide to get rid of all but one of the partitions. I try to write to the SD card and get an error message saying that the partition isn’t big enough to write to. Cool, well get rid of it. BIG MISTAKE. For those who don’t know, SD cards can’t be written to if they don’t have any partitions. “Did I br(ic)/(ea)k my SD card?”. I get an error message saying that I “needed to insert a disk”. That’s very odd because the SD card is a removable disk and had been recognized by my computer as such up until that point. Okay great add partitions. It writes, good. Plugs in raspberry PI after writing NOOBs(the desktop OS) to it again. HDMI isn’t outputting so I look up safe mode for a raspberry PI. The guide says I can hit 2 to do something if the HDMI isn’t outputting. Try it, nothing happens. Try again thinking maybe I didn’t wait long enough for the boot up. I try one more time. Still nothing. Well maybe, it’s not formatted correctly. I take the SD card out and plug it in to my computer. Oh and would you look at that. The raspberry organization has a handy dandy SD card formatter to optimize it for Raspberry Pi software. Download and run formatter. Formatter says SD card cannot be formatted and needs to restart. I click Ok and here’s the worst part. I didn’t get an error message saying the SD card couldn’t be formatted. I didn’t get an error saying to insert a disk. I got nothing. No indication that there was an SD card even in my computer.I was pretty sure that I wouldn’t be able to fix whatever issue and that it was a hardware issue well beyond me. But after the SD card being wiped, it was positive, I mean absolutely positive that my fragile glimmering hopes of trying to revive the raspberry Pi were dashed upon the ground shattered in pieces.

TL;DR
Tried to use a credit card sized computer
Bricked an SD card."|rabbitpiet|False|https://redd.it/eji77j|4|0.75|0|6|1|tifu
ej9xox|2020-01-03 04:06:54|TIFU by brushing my teeth with the lights off|"Of course, as usual, this did not happen today.


I think it was the night before prom senior year and I had been up pretty late the night before just talking with friends on discord. When I decided it was time for bed I was already pretty tired so I didn’t want to turn the light on in the bathroom and burn my retinas so I went to brush my teeth with the lights still off. I kind of could just half see, like just subtle outlines of things so I grabbed my toothbrush and put the toothpaste on as best I could. Then, as you would usually do, I put the toothbrush in my mouth and started the process. About 0.1 seconds into it, there was an audible crunch and then I was hit with an awful smell. 

A stink bug was apparently sitting on the bristles of my toothbrush and I put toothpaste on his back and then proceeded to start brushing my teeth with the lil guy, not knowing because of the darkness and the sleepiness. And that’s the story of how I spent an hour washing my mouth out with soap at 1 am. 

Lemme tell you, the smell hit me first, but it tastes about about good as it smells and the taste lasts a lot longer.


TL;DR: Brushed my teeth with the lights off and had a little buggy friend take an up close and personal tour of my teeth."|willrwill512|False|https://redd.it/ej9xox|43|0.89|0|15|1|tifu
ejap8w|2020-01-03 05:12:29|TIFU by Butt Clenching|"When I was in elementary school, we would sit or lay in a semicircle surrounding our teacher while she told us a story. I was laying stomach down on the carpet and was very nervous and antsy. Not for any particular reason, just in general. Since I was on the floor, I could not tap my foot, so I clenched my cheeks instead. Sometimes I would alternate each cheek, or clench and unclench both to some weird rhythm in my head. The embarrassing part is that beyond the carpet were chairs for other kids to sit and listen. So about half the class had a great view of my weird ass clenching tic. Of course I was teased mercilessly for this, as kids are very very evil at that age.  I don't know, that's all. I'm just known as butt clenching girl.

TL;DR My weird ass clenching habit was fuel for bullying as a young child."|kangarooby|False|https://redd.it/ejap8w|31|0.92|0|10|1|tifu
ej61fs|2020-01-02 23:08:53|TIFU by asking a police officer to call me a cab.|"Obligatory didn't happen today but like half a year ago.

It all started with a close friend of mine inviting me out for a couple of cold ones on a quiet Thursday evening. Had nothing planned on the next day and since I hadn't seen him for some time I agreed without much hesitation. Since we live across the town from each other, we decided to meet half way, in a bar neither of us had been to prior that day.

He took his bicycle to get there and I decided to get a taxi. The place was nice and cozy, not too many people, since it was Thursday.

As we were catching up we both kind of lost our sense of time. After a solid number of beers I surprisingly realized that it was already past 3am already and decided to head home. We both had had just enough drinks to be ""perfectly drunk"". Pretty drunk, but nothing too bad.

We finished our beers, said goodbye, he took off on his bike and I decided to use the bathroom before ordering an Uber. That's where the fuckup starts.

I then found out that my phone is dead. Well, not a huge problem I guess, there has to be someone who can order me a cab, I thought. And what a coincidence - as I step outside and walk a couple of hundred meters towards the city centre, I see 3 police vehicles. Drunk me didn't think anything of it. Not suspicious at all.

I walk up to one of the officers nearby and kindly ask:

""Hello Sir, could You please order me a cab by any chance? I just realized that my phone has died.""

Trying to sound as sober as I possibly can at the same time. No answer.

I decide to try this guy again. ""Sorry Sir, I really need a cab home and would be more than grateful if You could order one or let me use your phone for that matter.""

Still nothing.

After a couple of second of trying to understand what my options are here, I, for some reason, decide to ask the same officer a question which really pisses him off.

I ask: ""Do you guys have some sort of a problem here?"" Obviously starting to realize that 6 policemen probably aren't having their 4am coffee together at the moment.

Before I could blink, the same guy tackles me on to the concrete, face first, and handcuffs me. I get thrown in the back of the police van without explanation or even an opportunity to ask for the reason behind this. They kept me in the van for about 2 hours, alone, and still clueless about what is going on.

After a couple of hours they told me that I am now free to go and it was just a mistake. Still not too many explanations. I still asked them if they could call me a cab, but instead they offer to drop me off. Sounds good. They didn't exactly take me home, rather left me like 2 kilometers away but at this moment it felt better than being locked in the police van anyways so I decided to walk home.

Still a bit drunk and very tired, I decide to go to sleep and figure everything out in the morning.

I wake up with blood all over my pillow and bed from slitting my eyebrow while being tackled by this cop and see a news article my friend had sent me. The very same friend I went out with.

Turns out that at around 3am that night, one guy shot two taxi drivers in the same area and then fled from the scene. The police had just got there and were looking for the suspect who had just shot 2 taxi drivers, while this drunk guy came to a police officer, 4am Friday morning, asking for a taxi.

Wrong time - wrong place.

That friend of mine was in for a story of a lifetime though.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: went out for a couple of beers, decided to ask a police officer to call me a cab because my phone had died and became the number one suspect of a crime committed an hour earlier in which someone had shot two taxi drivers. Spent two hours in the back of a police van before they took me home.

&#x200B;

edit: spelling"|sadstorysonly|False|https://redd.it/ej61fs|101|0.96|0|30|1|tifu
ej9dnl|2020-01-03 03:21:33|TIFU costing my dream job.|"So first off. I always wanted to be a voice actor. . The service I use has a subscription that lasts a year about 300$. 

They have help, services ect. 

I've done over 250 auditions in 2019.

After a recording session I would listen before I send my audition in. Sound was fine on my end so I would send it in to maybe get some work

This is where I fucked up .  

So at some point my audio settings messed up and made it so the audio sounded fine on my end but in reality on any other device it was like whispering 

I only learned this after I lost my sub. I talked to one of the heads of the company I worked for and they told me that...

So because of that I potentially lost jobs for

Ford,
Audi,
Kia,
Nike,
Loads of video game characters
Narration jobs for movies
Medical videos
YouTube videos
Job tutorial videos
Radio ads


TL ; DR
So I not only fucked up not just today. I fucked up all of 2019
I fucked my dream job. 
With a heavy heart I say hello to 2020

(I mean I still can one day become a voice actor )"|mildhot-sauce|False|https://redd.it/ej9dnl|43|0.92|0|13|1|tifu
ejbjkn|2020-01-03 06:30:18|TIFU when I forgot to clean up Bengay off of my bed.|"This actually happened about 14 hours ago.

My spouse has been having some back/ shoulder pains, and finally decided to try something. Bengay was the only thing we had in our cabinet, and that's what we decided on. Only, the Bengay expired 4 years ago.

Bengay does not keep the same consistency when it's expired. It turns into a much more liquidy mixture of pain relief and burning creamy water. 

This was a fact unbeknownst to me, and I popped the cap like I was ready to apply some lube. The container spit, I wiped it up. All was taken care of. I did not think I had ti change the sheets.

Much later in the day, I decided to get in bed to wind down and fall asleep for the night. That clearly was the wrong fucking thing to do, as I have a burning sensation in my genitals. I have washed, air dried, wiped with baby wipes, and am just now finding the time to wipe away my tears and type this out. 

TLDR; got Bengay on my genitals after refusing to change the bed sheets like a child."|APIZZASBUTTHOLE|False|https://redd.it/ejbjkn|25|0.88|0|0|1|tifu
ejcmjj|2020-01-03 08:26:47|TIFU by buying manga and having my grandma think I joined a cult|"I've been living by myself away from home for a few months and my grandma came to visit yesterday. She wanted to help me out with cleaning around my room and stuff, and although there wasn't much to clean I just said sure.

I'm into a few manga series and recently got one volume of my fave series with the cover I like the most. However, my grandma was cleaning out a drawer, saw the book, and thought that the dude on the cover is some irl cult figure and the book in his hand is like an 'evil Bible' ([book for reference](https://imgur.com/JbJEfAB)).

Her being the religious saint she is, she started asking me all sorts of questions on what this book is and if I'm following a weird group or person, and somehow that developed to questioning what I'm doing with my free time all alone and whatnot. To try to clear things up I just said ""no it's just a comic"" and showed her the inside but she doesn't really 'get' these things and thought it was like a cult book detailing 'stories' about this leader and basically she got pretty worried for me.

Anyway after like 20 min of a tedious explanation on what manga and anime are, she (mostly) understood what the book really is...I think. Either way she still didn't seem content with my life choices. And I still think in the back of her mind she thinks there's some cult figure out there I'm following.

So yeah, weird night so far. I'll reconsider ever owning a manga collection until I'm farther away from home I guess.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I bought manga, grandma thought it was a cult book, had a very painful time trying to clear up the misconception and I don't think she'll ever understand what was going on."|Eren_Jaegerbombastic|False|https://redd.it/ejcmjj|17|0.81|0|10|1|tifu
ejtsxp|2020-01-04 07:54:10|TIFU by trying to take a dick pic|"I was chatting with a random hoe on snapchat, and she was sending me some pictures of her in her underwear. She asks for dick pics (I know, I'm surprised too), so I went to take some. As you may know, when you take pictures in snapchat, its very easily to accidently post them to your story. My finger slips, and I accidently upload a photo of my meat to my story. I dont have a private story, so this,was worse than it could have been. But it gets WAY worse. In snapchat you can normally delete posts easily. But this time there happened to be an error that was stopping me from deleting the picture of my meat. Panicked, I quickly googled a fix for it and found nothing, so restarted my phone hoping that would fix it. By the te my phone restarted, the picture of my cock had 4 views. Luckily, restarting my phone fixed the issue I had with deleting the photo.

TL;DR: Accidently posted my dick to my snapchat, 4 people saw it before I could delete it."|DracoWolf118|False|https://redd.it/ejtsxp|0|0.39|0|9|1|tifu
ejcvuj|2020-01-03 08:58:06|TIFU BY JOINING MY FAVORITE RAPPERS INSTAGRAM LIVE|"Hi there y’all, I’m a long time lurker ok this sub and I’m equal parts happy that I have something to post here and sad that this happened with my favorite rapper. 

So some background: one of my favorite rapper is Trippie Redd has been for the past 4-5 years. I’ve been a fan through his ups and downs and in between. There was one point in his career where he gained some weight and during this point to me he made some of his best work (think about the time frame of when life’s a trip came out). During this period me and my friends who also enjoyed his music who have genuine conversations about who made better music “fat Trippie” or “skinny Trippie” partially as a joke but mainly as a way to see a what point did he release the more consistent hits. This is all you need to know for the story to make sense so enjoy.

So this happened New Years Day 2020. Im here and I’m living it up having fun by myself like the antisocial person I tend to be at home, just scrolling Instagram. As I’m doing this liking friends new years pictures and such, I get a notification saying that Trippie Redd is going live so I join which isn’t odd I like to see his lives as he’s funny and makes me laugh. As the live went on he started to about how even though it’s a new year there’s not gonna be any switching up and this and that and blah blah. Then I remembered the age old question me and my friends always asked. What made me do wha happened next still alludes me a day later but I typed into the box verbatim “In your honest opinion I want to know who made better music fat Trippie Redd or skinny Trippie Redd.” I typed it mid way during his sentence and I guess he happened to see it because he cut off his sentence and just looked down (reading the message as for SOME REASON no body else posted and my comment was the only one there ) and after taking about a minute or 2 or 3 to read that he just looks up and says “Fuck you.... just thought I’d let y’all know that.” When he said that I had 2 reactions. 1) Was utter terror because like I just got cussed at by my favorite rapper but also. 2) a sense of hilarity because his reaction was so sudden and nonchalant like he had rehearsed that just for me. This honestly has left me confused and I just felt like thus went here.

TL;DR: asked Trippie Redd who made bette music “Fat Trippie” or “Skinny Trippie” and he told me F myself on New Years Day"|Thisman12isDangerous|False|https://redd.it/ejcvuj|12|0.65|0|20|1|tifu
ej6cct|2020-01-02 23:30:53|TIFU by not realizing NSFW means I should probably browse reddit when I’m alone|"So this literally just happened but I’ve been on my Christmas/New Years break visiting some of my family with my parents. Now tonight, we were heading out to dinner so we decided to take the car. Usually in the car, I’m either the one driving or in the backseat alone since I’m an only child. But since I was visiting my family, I was a guest which I meant I would be sitting in the back. There was 4 of us in the car including my parents, my aunt, and myself which meant I was in the backseat with someone; in this case, it was my mom. 

So since I’m in the backseat and I’ve got nothing else to do, I decide to browse reddit like I normally do. I’m reading some of the TIFUs when I come across one about some guy who finds out his sister is a reddit amateur pornstar (you guys probably know which one I’m talking about). So I’m reading the comments when I come across someone who tags the subreddit r/StuckandFucked. 

Now being the curious little asshole I was, I decided to click the subreddit and see what it was all about, but before I did that I made sure to slowly orient myself and my phone towards the center of the car so no one could see what I was looking at. Now I’m not horny or anything I’m just browsing cause I was curious but I start to notice some sour looks coming from my mom on my left. I didn’t think much of it because she has no idea of what I’m looking at on my phone but she continues staring at me with extreme disappointment. 

At this point I knew what had happened. I look to my right towards the window and realize the reflection of my screen had been like a PowerPoint slide for her in the backseat and she had been watching me scroll on pornos for 5 straight minutes. I immediately close reddit and avoid making eye contact with her for the remainder of the ride. 

TL;DR: Started browsing NSFW subreddit in car with mom in backseat; mom sees everything in the reflection in the window."|wHatDotHENumBeRsmn|True|https://redd.it/ej6cct|51|0.91|0|9|1|tifu
ejgmm3|2020-01-03 15:09:48|TIFU by drinking too much vodka in my room|So the fu was yesterday, when  I got myself a 0.7l bottle of vodka, and me being smart I almost drank the whole bottle in one night alone in my room. You can kinda predict what happened. I can't remember anything from the night and it ended in me locking myself in our bathroom and passing out there. My parents heard me stumble everywhere and they came looking for me. In the end they broke down out bathroom door and found myself passed out in my puke. They didn't know what had happened to me so they got super scared and then called an ambulance. I can faintly remember being in the ambulance and puking everywhere and being asked questions by my mom and the people in there. The next thing I remember is waking up in the hospital. The staff there were super nice and they somewhat explained what had happened and that my parents were coming to visit me in a couple of hours. The hospital staff tested me for everything and I had to explain to my parents and the staff where and why I had gotten the bottle from as I'm 13 and can't legally buy alcohol. In the end I ended up talking about me being lonely and sad and everything that was on my mind. I was assigned a psychologist time and in there we talked about what I did and why. During this time my parents weren't mad at me, they were just scared and understanding. Now in the end I have a headache I'm super ashamed and social workers are coming to talk with me. TL;DR: drank too much vodka, passed out and got sent to the hospital.|piemeril|False|https://redd.it/ejgmm3|3|0.59|0|3|1|tifu
ej7vz2|2020-01-03 01:25:40|"TIFU by, ""Yes dear""ing my girlfriend, and not checking her homework"|"I’ve been debating on if this was worthy of a TIFU post, but after it being brought up over and over again, with lasting effects, and knowing I had a part in it, I decided it was time.

TLDR first because it's a dozie:>! agreed to go hiking with my new-ish GF, didn’t look at the link she sent 5 times for the trail she wanted to go on, took 12 hours instead of 8-9 hours, was incredibly treacherous and rocky, packed a 20 pound metal plate in my backpack, didn’t pack batteries for my headlamp, she got her period with no feminine products, missed the 8 PM shuttle to my car, almost had to walk back to my car 4 miles in the dark, went into restaurant 5 minutes before they close, deep purple bruises and whiteheads from my backpack, anguish and trauma!<

Background: My girlfriend and I went on a hike in Western MA (Massachusetts) and it was wonderful. We had also just decided to go official after the Western MA hike. We/She decided it would be nice to have a get-away weekend to New Hampshire, a few months later, for another hike that was super scenic and beautiful. She linked me the hike/trail multiple times, and I saw the icon and went, “Yup, looks great!” **1st fuck up** It was supposed to take 8-9 hours, with beautiful scenery, and just nature at its finest. It’s an 8 mile loop. [Picture for those who are curious](https://imgur.com/a/6XYYhdX). It goes up a quarter mile, to a fork, where it’s easier to go up the right for 3 miles, across the ridge of the Appalachian Trail for 2 miles, across three peaks, and down the left side for 4 miles. There are three gorgeous [waterfall](https://imgur.com/3XGaIWW)s on the right side of the fork, and the view of the AT, with a rest stop on the way down. We booked a hotel because it’s a pretty far drive, but we were taking time off of work so it was irrelevant. I also had something cool/fun event to do with my dad in Philly two weeks after our get-away, so I had packed a 20 pound “non-consumable weight”, according to website rules, to practice for this event. It was honestly just a 20 pound metal plate, that I clearly cannot eat, and I was determined to bring this thing on my hike in NH **2nd fuck up**. She said, “I don’t want to hear a peep from you about this weight.” and I said, “You won’t!” We had some delicious Chinese food that Friday night with the best crab rangoon we’ve ever had.

Story time: We get to the cute little town on Friday, I don’t quite remember *when* we got there. Traffic sucked so it added another hour, but traffic is my life. I told her beforehand, “I want to be ON that trail at 6 AM.”

*Fast forward sounds*She was adamant to get a piece of your guy before bed, but it was getting late and I wanted to be kickin’ up dust at 6 AM. I’m trying to sleep like, “Go to bed! We have to be up early!”  but she keeps giving me kiss pecks, \*mind you she’s *super* cute and I would murder small villages for her\*, saying stuff like, “Noooo, stay upppp!!” I don’t even know when she gave up, but… we woke up at 7 AM **3rd fuck up**.

*Fast forward noises*There are only 22 parking spots on the trail head, so we had to park at a satellite parking lot, 4 miles from the trail head, with a shuttle every 15 minutes until 8 PM. We finally approach the trail at *10 AM*, and one of the Rangers goes, “Have you done this before?” We said we had not, and he says, “Well you’re a little behind but you can make it. It’s supposed to take 8-9 hours, but you’ll be fine.” I said, “We gotta be out by 8 for that shuttle!” She said we would make it, so off the trail we went. At the fork in the trail a quarter mile from the trail head, and I almost left my 20 pound weight at the fork to get it later; but I didn’t...

We’re literally *climbing* this trail, hand over foot, over some dirt/rock wall with a pretty decent incline and I’m thinking, “What the fuck is this?? This is tough!” and before that, she kept asking, “I want to hold your hand!” I’m looking around and this trail is hardly big enough for one person, never mind two side-by-side. I’m getting the picture that something isn’t right and we don’t know what’s going on.

*Fast forward*We get to the first peak at like, 1 PM ~~only recall because a good friend texted me at 1:30 about something he was having potentially patented~~. She asked me to pack a sheet in my backpack so we laid it out and we’re eating some snackies we brought, along with some water. I’m getting ansty about the time and we get moving again. It’s kinda chilly, but we did have sweatshirts. I mentioned the time to her, over and over without really realizing it, but she finally snapped after I kept mentioning the time. She said, “I didn’t rush all the way up here, to rush back down!” I said something like, “Yeah, but the last shuttle is at 8 PM and I don’t feel like walking back four miles in the dark!” She started to give me a cold shoulder and I had to stop it because I *knew* it would be even worse fighting the whole way. I started texting my dad **2.5ish fuck up** about what to do, and where we have to be at what time to get out at 8. There’s an AMC (Appalachian Mountain Club) hut on the way down. It’s essentially a hotel for the Appalachian Trail hikers to crash at. There’s food, water, bathrooms, living conditions, etc there. He said, “You need to leave that at 6:30 PM to get out at 8.” I’m getting furious, that she thought this was a good idea, and what the fuck she got us into; narrow trails, climbing hand over foot over rocks, I packed a huge sheet for no real reason, and we were getting hangry. We both were getting 'tudie and shitty with each other and it was just getting crappy.

We’re still on the AT ridge line, and she has peed probably a few times since we started the hike. We pull over to pee, and we start talking and she starts crying. “I”m so sorry!! I’m so stupid!”

“What are you talking about…??”

“I didn’t realize this would be so hard!”

Come to find out, MA.gov for the first hike had listed that easy hike as “difficult/strenuous” and NH.gov had listed this as “difficult/strenuous” and she had assumed they would be comparable.There were absolutely not! It hit me that I could have saved this entire catastrophe if I had just read a little more, done a little more research, *not*, “Yes dear”’d my girlfriend and this weight was really diggin’ the shit outta my shoulders.

We were both getting short with each other and with this new information, I felt *awful*. She didn’t know and I was a moron and just went with the flow.

*Fast forward*After the revelation, this become, “Oh holy fuckin’ shit, what did we do??” things eased between  us. We got to the AMC hut around 6 PM. This is a hotel, where people pay to go, and they’re serving… dinner. ~~I love my girlfriend, but I’ve learned to cover a few basics before we do much. She’s gotta be warm, and~~ *~~not~~* ~~hungry to function as a human being.~~**S** There are tables set up with plates and silverware. She starts making a move for the open seats, and I said through gritted teeth, “Do ***not*** sit down. We did ***not*** pay for this!”

“I *have* to eat!”

We sit and the hostesses explain that every AMC hut on the AT has the same meal, at the same time, on the same day, so everyone on this evening was having a Thanksgiving turkey meal, with all the fixin’s. The first course, of three courses, was a ~~delicious~~ tomato soup that I begrudgingly ate, because dammit, I was hungry too! This older gentleman is at the end of the table to our right, and it turns out, he’s almost done with the entire AT. He’s two weeks from finishing in Maine. He says, “Ya know, this is the hardest part of the entire trail.” and I could *feel* my rage bubbling again… I look over and my lovely, amazing girlfriend reminded me of Master of Disguise’s scene where he’s pretending to be a turtle, hiding in his shirt. ~~Still lovin' herrrrrrrrrr~~

We left around 6:30, but we boogied after the first course without paying ~~shhhhh~~, used the restrooms, filled our water bladders in our backpacks, and hit the trail again. It’s getting dark, and these three older adults, Devon\*, Steve\* and Morgan\* that we’ve kinda kept pace with, are leaving the hut the same time we are.

All 5 of us are trekking on and I was helping my GF down each and every rock like a small-ish child. Picking her up from under the arms and gently putting her down. She’s neither big, nor heavy, and I was getting pissed that she was being so slow, because she was afraid to jump down the rocks.

The other three people we had picked up had headlamps that they bought from the hut and I knew I had my own that I brought with fresh batteries, so we passed on the moment. We’re all walking and it’s getting darker, just before sundown. I pull open my pack, to put my fresh batteries into my headlamp and they’re the wrong type of batteries… I packed AA but needed AAA **4th fuck up-ish**. I almost threw my headlamp into the woods I was so mad, but didn’t… I did bring a battery bank for my phone but obviously it was clumsy and not my first choice, but I did get to use my phone as a flashlight, powered by the external battery.

This entire time, I’m semi texting my dad, and he asked if I had a headlamp near the hut, and I said, “Yes” but that was before I realized my fourth fuck up-ish.

We’re going and my girlfriend says, “I’m bleeding…”

I was flabbergasted, “But you’re days early??”

She has a BC pill that limits periods to every three months so she has nothing for feminine sanitary products… we were not expecting this, so we were woefully unprepared for the flow. **5th fuck up**

**Soul Saving, Sin Washing moment** My GF and I were discussing the shuttle and Steve said he’d give us a ride back to my car. His wife was waiting for them because she turned around with a migraine before they set out too far, so they turned around and left her with the car. Queue joy and relief!

One of the people we picked up, Steve, was walking with hiking pole with a serious limp, he’s falling over rocks, just badness. At one point he said, “Just leave me… I can’t walk. I’ll get some med-flight…” But we pushed on. Devon was the lead man and was getting super far ahead, and scouting somewhat, but leaving Steve wayyy in the dust and I was in the back with my lady and Steve to keep us together.

This couple is coming up behind us with their own headlamps. We stop and chat. They said, “You’re almost there! We’ll send Rangers after you if you don’t come out in time.” That was relieving and daunting to say the least…

*Fast Forward*After much struggle, tears, flow, we finally made it out. It’s 10 PM and that shuttle was long gone. I finally pulled over to pee, so I put my phone’s flashlight against my side, and started to pee. It was so damn dark I couldn’t even see my dick! I could hear my pee hitting whatever but that was it. It finally dawned on me this was a forest, with wild animals, and our sheer numbers probably deterred some animals. Spooky! Steve’s wife was at the bottom of the fork in this pristine luxurious vehicle. It was so damn comfortable. I said, “Dude, let me buy you a beer. What’s your favorite beer??”

He looks back from the shotgun seat and goes, “If I were in your shoes, would you help me out??”

I said, “Of course!”

“Then we’re even.”

We get back to the cute little town in my own car, and that Chinese restaurant with the best crab rangoon of all time, closes at 11 PM and it’s 10:55ish. I looked at her and said, “Do we dare crash in on them right before we close?”

We did. I tipped that guy $20 though, so I didn’t feel as bad.

Back at the hotel, we’re beat, tired, sore. She’s laying in bed eating, and I take off my shirt. The weight that I was carrying for 12 hours, made my shoulders an incredibly deep purple bruise in the shape of the backpack straps. There’s little whiteheads all over my bruises and it looked so nasty!

She wound up falling asleep with a spring roll in her mouth/on her chest. Didn’t even shower, and I crawled into bed with her.

*Fast forward*I finally get home after I drop her off, and told my parents I didn’t have a working headlamp the next day. My mom was having a meltdown thinking I was going to get lost in the woods, but took great comfort that I could see with a headlamp. I saved that info until it was safe…

*Aftermath*This happened during the summer of 2018, and I only semi-recently found out that her period was DESTROYING her with every step she took, that she was crying, and bleeding down her legs the whole time. She peed all over her shorts and shoes, she peed like 10 times on that mountain, with no exaggeration. She said, “I felt like I was going to birth my uterus \[with every step\].” Which is why she asked me to help her down all those nasty rocks.

We’ve been on one hike since, but I made sure not to bring that stupid sheet, that took so much space, and had her carry her own 16 oz plastic water bottles this time."|TheFlyinGiraffe|False|https://redd.it/ej7vz2|33|0.83|0|9|1|tifu
ej3t7d|2020-01-02 20:33:38|TIFU by moving house without checking under my bed|"TL;DR at the end. 

This fuck up has been in motion for a month but only came to fruition today. So, to lay the foundation of the story: I moved 250 miles away from my family a few months ago, and then my new job moved me again another 100 miles further away. Stressful as expected, but it's also been the first time I've ever lived on my own (25F).

And boy, did I take advantage! I have had so much fun in the last few months with sexual adventures - I've experimented a fai bit and had a number of exciting experiences. I decided that, without my family around, I could treat myself to some sex toys and really go all-out on developing my sexuality.

Now what do you get when you add both of those situations together? I found a new house, realised that with my new furniture I needed more than myself and my car, so I phoned up my dad and brother and we arranged for them to travel down to help me move - I would travel home for Christmas, and they would travel to mine with me after New Year to pack. I also hired a removal company to help with the heaviest lifting and awkward furniture. All was in place for a smooth transition.

Before I left for Christmas, I realised I needed to pre-pack my sex toys to avoid the awfulnessness of them being discovered by people who really didn't need to know that much about me. I had a boring brown cardboard box, everything in there and taped up, then put into another pre-packed box with spare stuff that doesn't get unpacked until you need it. I checked my drawers, shelves, everywhere. I was confident I had got it all!

Upon returning after New Year, this morning in fact, that box was still on my mind. More so if someone accidentally started unpacking it at my new house so I have kept track of its movements. Now, a three-fold fuck up that happened over the summer: I bought a new flat-pack bed that I built incorrectly and McGyvered it in a way that meant it was going to be difficult to collapse but even worse to reassemble, which was the main reason I needed my dad - he's very handy and has a tool box.

First job was pack up my room to make space to disassemble the bed. All done, no problem, and I wander out to check on my brother who was wrapping up the breakables. All fine there too.

I wander back into my room and my dad was struggling to tape something up, so I knelt down to help. I turn around, and there, on the floor, in full view, was the original box that my toys came in.

This box is light blue with 'bondage kit' stamped across it. In pictures are a hog tie, wrist and ankle cuffs, a door suspension, sex swing, neck pillow with ties, blind fold, support wedge and flogger. On the back are written instructions on how to use each of the toys.

I went white as a sheet and automatically reached for it, even though it was obviously too late to hide it.

""I found that under your bed just now when I lifted your mattress, it was right at the back.""

Fuckfuckfuck. I'd completely forgotten that I hadn't thrown it away because the instructions were useful. I'd been so careful hiding the real toys that I'd missed the neon sign that yelled,"" hey look! Your daughter's a kinky fucker!""

I was still speechless and started to frantically grab hold of a bin bag to scoop up the box and throw it away when my dad pipes up again.

""What is the box for?"" His voice was so genuinely curious that I found myself thinking that he mustn't know - am I so lucky to think that he's that naive? Either that or he's a better acter than I think he is.

As I legged it out of the room, I mumbled, ""not something you really need to know about.""

This was about 10 hours ago and I'm still mortified - my dad hasn't brought it up again thankfully.

TL;DR: living on my own for the first time I bought bondage gear and have enjoyed single life. Thought I'd hid the evidence before my dad helped me move house, but instead I left the packaging under the bed, my dad found it and now may or may not know far too much about my sex life."|gemmaskema|True|https://redd.it/ej3t7d|75|0.94|0|18|1|tifu
ejc91g|2020-01-03 07:43:30|TIFU by laughing at tragic story|"It was many years ago, when I was in high school. All my life I have been a very respectful young man so I didn't what I did out of being an asshole. It was more like an... unfortunate turn of events and my brain doing a masive betrayal on me.

Our teacher was telling all the class how she lost her unborn granddaughter many years ago. A very tragic story, everyone (including myself) where listening in silence and giving our complete empathy for what happened. The teacher was visibly affected by it, and I myself was feeling very bad for her.

And... in that moment... my brain decided to go full bitch on me. Like a little devil of mischevious whispering on my ears, something cross my mind: ""Woah... what a tragic backstory... welp, what would happen if you laughed in this situation? Could you imagine it? It would be totally unacceptable and socially condemnable; all your classmates and teachers would hate you and treat you like an asshole.""

I didn't even wanted to laugh, but the moment that thought cross my mind everything became a battle of wills against myself. I clenched my fist, bite my lips, I shrugged in my seat and prayed for every god in the whole goddamn pantheon, mythology or religion to NOT. FUCKING. LAUGH.

But like that catchy Linkin park song... in the end, it didn't even matter. My teacher saw me with the most awkward grin in a futile struggle to not laugh. She just saw me and said... ""What the hell are you laughing at?""

After that there was a sepulchral silence. I wanted to disappear.

I became a cubism work of art.

My classmates laughed loudly.

Fortunately, this story has a happy ending. The teacher was a sun, she acted very understandable with me; after I deeply apologized and explained what happened she silenced my classmates and explained that everyone has a different psychological mechanism to protect us from sad or uncomfortable things. Mine is laughter. (That was not the first time a suffer from it, I have a general hard time trying not to laugh in serious situations. Like for example... sitting in seiza at a dojo and being quiet)

TL;DR: Teacher told sad story. I laughed at it without wanting it."|Koteiryu|False|https://redd.it/ejc91g|8|0.81|0|2|1|tifu
ejdvpk|2020-01-03 10:53:03|TIFU by not listening to my doctor|"It is long....

  


It's more of a YAIFU (Years ago IFU)....

  


Years ago, I was diagnosed with a kidney disease called IgA Nephropathy where my immune system is attacking my own kidney. My kidney function, although still acceptable, is continuously deteriorating. My creatinine level is rising as time goes by. The doctor ordered me to undergo medication (immunosuppressants, omega 3, anti hypertension) in order to combat the effects of my disease.

  


I was taking the medications as ordered for 2 years and my creatinine level gradually decrease but still higher than normal. Then I noticed that my face is sprouting acne everywhere. I felt annoyed and got tired of it at the same time.

  


That was the time when I decide to say ""F\*\*k it. I don't want those medication anymore. Im not feeling ill anyways. I did not continue the medication and I also did not visit my doctor for follow up checkup. That continued for 3 years.

  


Now, for the repercussion of the FU:

  


Last 2019, 3 years after I discontinued my medicines, I felt something off in my body. I feel that I easily get tired upon climbing 1 floor upstairs. I feel full easily after eating even though I eat like a viking on a feast. I urinate frequently specially at night. I'm getting cramps almost every early morning. Lastly, I feel nauseated after eating. This is when I felt suspicious. My disease flashed in my memory slightly, but I was in denial.

  


That was the time when I called an appointment to a doctor (gastroenterologist because I'm in denial that it is related to my kidneys) and check if there is something wrong with my stomach. The doctor ordered me to have my blood extracted for laboratory.

  


Fast forward>>

  


Results of the lab says that my creatinine level is way too high (around 20 when the normal is 1.1 - 1.3 i guess). I was devastated. The doctor referred me to a nephrologist to perform further tests. Results indicated that my kidneys are already below their acceptable function and the only thing that can save me is dialysis or kidney transplant.

  


I was put on dialysis while my family was completing the requirements for kidney transplant including searching for donor. Four months later, a donor was found and another two more months, we completed all the tests and was found to be a good match.

  


The transplant was performed almost end of last quarter of 2019. The transplant was successful and I was given another chance in life. I'm currently on leave at work today for a few months, staying at home for recovery until I can work again. This FU almost drained our family emotionally, mentally and financially. It almost cost us everything. learned a lot in this experience that almost cost me my life. And as of this writing, I'm still wondering what would happen if I just listened properly to my doctor 5 years ago.

  


TLDR: Was diagnosed with mild autoimmune kidney disease. Initially took medications as per doctor's orders but got tired of it eventually at stopped. Few years later, the disease progressed to kidney failure. Luckily got a transplant a few months after but at what cost? Almost everything."|Budget-Boysenberry|False|https://redd.it/ejdvpk|6|0.8|0|1|1|tifu
ejb0kq|2020-01-03 05:40:33|TIFU by being polite|"Happened an hour ago on my morning commute.

1. I'm watching Seinfeld when Old Guy (OG) walks in

2. OG asks Middle Aged Guy (MAG) to give him seat reserved for old people (we have those in my city)

3. MAG flatly refuses

4. I turn my head, smile at OG and offer him more space to stand comfortably. OG smiles back and thanks me

5. As I'm returning to my phone, MAG's and my eyes meet for a split second

6. MAG starts ranting, asking to keep my wits to myself, not to be a smartass etc

7. I put my earphones back in and resume my episode

8. MAG is still ranting, shifting his focus on how the young generation is rude and has no manners. Inside I'm like Bro, wtf???? You literally refused to give an old man a reserved seat

9. Everyone ignores MAG, he realizes he got no support, stops ranting and pretends to fall asleep

Before anyone says maybe MAG had some injury, when he got off at his stop, he was walking fine.

TL;DR Middle aged guy refuses to give seat on subway to old guy, rants on me for being rude and mannerless."|VoldemortButt|False|https://redd.it/ejb0kq|15|0.82|0|4|1|tifu
eivw6u|2020-01-02 08:59:14|TIFU by giving my girlfriend an open-neck with flour.|"This happened like honestly a couple of minutes ago. I’m talking about a FARM FRESH fuckup.

So, if you don’t know what an open neck is, it’s basically giving someone a firm open-palm slap and grab to the back of their neck. Hence, open neck. 

My girlfriend has an oddly shaped head. It’s not ugly, it’s just incredibly round and has a very baby-like appearance. It fits her well, I have an ugly ass head. It’s like my shit was formed in a square box - like this Japanese watermelons. So I’m not a candidate for the perfect head club. 

Most of the time, if not all the time, she has her hair in a tight bun. It makes her round, baby like head look extra round and open-neckable. About a month ago I started to get on the pattern of calling her out about her head. I’d catch her off guard and yell “baby head ass” followed by a light slap and grab to the back of her neck. She thought this was always funny, but on the rare occasion she just isn’t in the vibe and doesn’t find it funny so I obviously have to apologize, then offer a foot rub to consolidate for my “bitch ass behavior”.

Well today, she seemed in a good mood. She was playing NHL 20 online on my Xbox. She’s competitive, and these dudes were whooping her ass. She wasn’t saying anything and I noticed no signs of her angered. She’s just silent with a dead lock on the flatscreen, cute as can be.

I had an idea. The next time she scored, I’ll give her an open neck as a way to boost her confidence. (Makes no sense to you, but it’s a perfect plan to me.)

That wasn’t all though, I’ll use flour instead of just my bare hand so she gets that feeling of a winning-season coach being doused in Gatorade from the cooler like you see in old football films. 

Well. I set myself up to where I had the flour in my hand, waiting behind her. Games in overtime. Now she’s tense. 

She comes up, rips a shot. Scores and wins it. She jumps up and turns around

“FUCK YE-“

#*SMACK*

Now I had no clue she was gonna jump up and look at me, I didn’t think she knew I was there. But my instinct to aim for the neck kicked in as soon as I saw the goal happen. 

It didn’t hit her neck. Instead, I bitch slapped her with a hand full of flour which got into her eyes and sent her into a sneezing fit. 

The white powder is everywhere on my couch, Floor, controller, table, food, everywhere. She’s running around the living room yelling 

“GAAAH WHYDIDJOO-*achoo*-*PTHHHHH*-WHYDIDJAFUCKI-*achoo*-*achoo*-MOTHERF-*PTHHHH*

Can’t stop laughing, but then I realized she’s actually starting to have an actual sneezing fit. And she can’t control it. I thought she was gonna die, but she was fine. 

Her retaliation was to take the bag of flour and throw it at me. Sending ME into a sneezing fit. So now, I have to run around the living room as well with this flour in my eyes and up my nose. We’re both yelling, sneezing, screaming, spitting. Everything. 

My living room is completely destroyed with flour, there is flour everywhere. On the table, couch, floors, on the goddamn walls, it’s even on the kitchen stove. my eyes are red as a beet. She’s still cussing me out and sneezing and I’m still uncontrollably laughing. 

This ordeal has been going on for about 3 hours now.

TL;DR: Basically bitch slapped my girlfriend in the face with a handful of baking flour and sent her into a sneezing fit and fucked my entire living room up.

> Edit: Thank you for silver! I didn’t think this was that great of a post, I thought it was good but not good enough for a medal. 

Figured I should give y’all a little backstory about the aftermath and how we handled it. 

She was only mad because she couldn’t stop sneezing, all in all after the fact we could NOT stop laughing at it. Our 3 month old frenchie (named Greg) was also covered in flour which we didn’t notice until this morning. We cleaned up the mess completely, even went out and bought a rug and furniture cleaner. She took the liberty of buying a new bag of flour because she is a baker and she was upset that she threw it and wasted it. She only blamed herself, because ultimately she created more of the mess. Imagine a 5’11”  D2 Women’s basketball forward whipping a big of flour across a living room. Definitely had some power behind it, could have caused a lot of damage. Yes I deserved it. 

Let’s clarify these things also. She is not a priss, she took this shit like a champion. She didn’t sit around and cry because she had flour everywhere. She was squaring up ready to body box instead. She wasn’t wearing expensive ass leggings and sleep wear, she was wearing my shirt, pants-less. She was not as mad as you think she was. Her reaction was a surprised “what the fuck happened” ordeal. 

And finally, I didn’t rock her shit with the slap. I didn’t backhand her, or create contact to where it would harm her. The motion of the slap came down overhand, and her being shorter than I am caused her to look up, creating a flour filled open palm slap right to her forehead and eyebrow area. So don’t get it twisted. There’s no domestic violence here. The flour cushioned the blow, she said nothing about the slap, to her it just was as if someone threw it in her face."|floralandfaded898|False|https://redd.it/eivw6u|596|0.87|2|107|1|tifu
ej38wz|2020-01-02 19:54:54|TIFU by walking into shelf|"&#x200B;

So it was a few years go.There is a knock on the door,so i get up and answer,it was one of my friends wanting to know if I could go out and just chil. I said ''yeah'' but ask if it was cold outside when he said 'it is'.that is when i walked to my room it get a hoodie or just a long sleeve shirt.i open my door, switch on my light but just before it goes on, ''Boom'' i hit the bride of my nose on the edge of the shelf I just went to ground holding my nose,all i could think was ''what the hell is wrong with me because i helped put up that shelf not a few hours ago''. So i get up and look in the mirror to see if i was bleeding and at the time my mother was asking if I was Ok, cause all she heard was a noise. I did shout that I was but I did not look in the mirror just yet but then i saw blood going down the side of my ''making it look like I was crying blood'', so i walking to my mother and said ''I was not fine''.She saw the blood and straight took me to the hospital and the doctor on call said it was not bad, just a small cut but not deep into the skin. It  was like it broke the first few layers of skin so I did not get stitches but they put on small little plasters on the bridge of my nose, so the skin could stay together.I do have a small scar that you could see if you look for it, but not that bad. 

I still laugh at myself for that one every time i look at mirror

&#x200B;

**TL;DR walked into a shelf i helped put up and have a small scar too remember it**"|IamACactusInside|False|https://redd.it/ej38wz|77|0.87|0|30|1|tifu
ejgtbi|2020-01-03 15:23:42|TIFU by going to a rave|"TIFU by going to a rave for the first time

This happened over a year ago but it’s still fresh in my mind till this day. I went to a rave for the first time when a friend invites me. He goes to one every other week and he’s always rolling (for those of you who don’t know what rolling is he just took some molly or ecstasy).  He then introduced me to pre gaming and his rave group. We all drank and talked for an hour or two before the actual show.  Now remember first time drinking and also trying molly for the first time. I am wildly drunk and rolling hard for the first time. (No one should ever do this because it will make holes in your brain). So here I am dancing and just high as a kite and I soon feel someone dancing against my butt ( I’m a guy btw and straight) and I turn around to see a person with long hair and a feminine voice. I’m to high to care so I began dance and eventually I get a hug and called her rave bae. I soon turn back around to enjoy the light show and dance with my group when a feel a hand on my shoulder turn me around to dance with the girl again. Out of no where she grabs my face and we are full blown making out and i didn’t even know this person’s name. And she is giving me the work, she even stole my gum. Now this girl is now dance right in front of me and I have my hand in the air and by my sides and I’m just enjoying the lights when suddenly I feel two rough dry cracked hands like  years in construction texture hands grab mine and I instantly sober up and began to focus my eyes so I can properly see until I realized that both my hands were being held and raised in the air. I finally noticed that the hand holding mine are connected to the girl grinding herself on me. The entire make out session we had flashed back in my head and I begin to panic and feel extremely queasy. She then begins putting my hands on her and I realize how extremely toned she was. Let me remind you that it is almost dark other then having lights flash and swing around so you can barely see the people with you clearly. She then turned around and pulls me in for another make out session and I’m standing there like a statue and since she was shorter then me she couldn’t reach my face. I still couldn’t see her face so this was a fight or flight situation because I didn’t want to make out with her without making sure she was legitimately a female. So I pulled my hands out of hers and ran into the mosh pit and disappeared. Luckily there was only a few minutes left so I ran outside of the venue and began vomiting violently in a random alleyway. So till this day I don’t know whether I made out with a girl or a guy identifying as a girl...


Too long, won’t read: I made out with a person high as a kite and I didn’t know if it was a guy or a girl

TL:DR"|BoyBlazing|False|https://redd.it/ejgtbi|1|0.67|0|9|1|tifu
ejdmg7|2020-01-03 10:23:54|TIFU by telling some guy what he was getting for Christmas|"This obviously happened before Christmas. I work part time at an electronic goods store. The company I work for has a ""click & collect"" system whereby customers can reserve an item online and pick it up in the store an hour later. This usually works pretty well, but December is always chaos. Anyways, I had just sold our last silver colored ipad to a customer when the store computer tells me that someone has put in a reservation for that same ipad. This sometimes happens because of delay on our web page, no biggie. I call the customer to tell them about the snafu. This is how it went: 
Me: ""Hi, am I talking to [insert name]?"" 
Some guy: ""No, this is her husband. She's in the shower, but I'll take a message."" 
Me: ""Great! Your wife just put in a reservation for a silver colored ipad, but I'm sorry to say there's been a mix up and we're all out. I just wanted to say that we have other colors in stock and will be happy to reserve them for you guys.""
Some guy: ""Oh. Wow. [Long, awkward silence]. Yeeah, I'll just say you called and have her call you back.""
We hung up and at first I just thought he was being weird, but then I realized I had just told him what his wife was buying a few days before Christmas. Fuckfucketifuckfuckfuck. Never heard back from them, which was pretty much the best case scenario for me, but I'm pretty sure I lost my employer a customer or two that day. 

Tl;dr - I called a customer about a mix up with a product reservation and accidentally told her husband what he was getting for Christmas."|Mississipete|False|https://redd.it/ejdmg7|5|0.76|0|3|1|tifu
ejbh0z|2020-01-03 06:23:17|TIFU by getting stuck in a cornfield|"Obligatory this happened 3 weeks ago.

First a little bit about me, I work for a company that specializes in delivering packages to your front door. I am from the midwest, but not the part that snows super heavy. About a month ago I get called to assist in another state where there is already several feet of snow before winter even started.

Now my company ran out of vehicles so I rented a car to deliever out of, not a car really, it was one of those $100k XL fully loaded SUVs. You know the really nice ones that look great when not stuck in cornfields.

Anyways, the first few days I take it slow on the roads and am overly cautious because, snow. About a week into working in this new place and getting tired of elderly people blowing by me on the roads I get a bit more comfortable driving in the snow.

Let me set the scene, it's 5:30pm, the temperature is about -20 with windchill, the sun is setting, I have an eighth a tank of gas, one delivery stpp to go and my hotel has free drinks til 7pm. I follow my GPS to a strange sideroad it tells me to go down that hasn't been plowed. I stop, check for alternative routes and see a 7 mile loop to get around this road that is only a 1/4 mile long. What is one to do?

Confident ass me full sends down the road. I'm going and all is well. I see that there is a small 10 foot hill to go down and right back up. I gun it to keep speed, I make it down and then halfway up the hill and my tires decided to take two thirds of a fire safety class. They stopped, they dropped but they forgot to roll. Shit. 

So brilliant me decides well I came in behind me, so I should be able to get out that way, but I just drove down a hill and probably can't reverse up it, I better turn this bitch around. So I reverse hard and my tires jump out of the spot they sank in and I begin to turn the vehicle around. Gosh I'm a genius.

So now my vehicle is completely perpendicular to the road and that's the moment when I realized the reason this road wasn't plowed. It was a tractor road on a farm and my front wheel just dropped into a crop ditch higher than my front bumper. Naturally I rev the engine and spin the tires until all of the snow in the ditch had superheated and refrozen as beauitful ice.

Now for a little bit more about me, I work in safety at my company normally, specifically driving safety. A company that considers a tow truck required situation to be an accident regardless of there being any damage. So I'm in full blown panic mode, I have to get this thing out.

I call a coworker, he says he is about an hour out. I keep my car running because it is colder than my ex's heart outside. I'm down to fumes and he still hasn't showed up. So I shut the car off, stay inside till all the heats gone, once it was I paced back and forth to try and get some body heat.

Finally he shows up and I go on and on about not getting a tow truck, he then points out that no tow truck is dumb enough to try and come down the road I just drove down.

A full three hours after he arrived the two of us with nothing but manpower and a fart of gas were able to pop it out of the ditch and send it up the hill with a blaze of glory. The good news is I got out of the situation, the bad news is I had to pay for my drinks that night.

TLDR - Me, the driving safety guy, got the nicest vehicle at my company stuck into a midwest cornfield covered in several feet of snow and had to pay for drinks because of it."|LOP5131|False|https://redd.it/ejbh0z|10|1.0|0|0|1|tifu
ejas6p|2020-01-03 05:19:43|TIFU by showing a girl a dick pic|"Alright, so it wasn't intentional.

I work in the restaurant industry. Saturday night I worked a double, then came home to no roommates. I'd had few drinks after work with some co workers, so I came home a little drunk. Naturally, I did what any drunk college boy does when home alone and took a full frontal yet classy nude in the bathroom window. I didn't send it to anyone but I saved it.

Fast forward to Tuesday night. I'm having some friend over for some drinking and debauchery before hitting the bars for NYE. One of my friends has to shotgun a beer (because college), so he goes and tries it in my shower. I got it on video, and it's fairly comical. I sent it to a friend and saved it. I get back to the party and show this beautiful girl I have known since the 8th grade the video I just took of our friend failing to drink a full beer. 

And apparently, for whatever reason, the app is designed to just go to the next picture as soon as a video finished playing. The next picture, which this girl got a full face of, was none other than my saucy lil fish stick dangling out. 

This girl is one of my best friends. We were flatmates last year. She thinks of me as her younger brother.

Fuck.

TLDR: I accidentally showed one of my best friends a drunken nude on New Year's."|BlazeNacho|False|https://redd.it/ejas6p|11|0.83|0|3|1|tifu
ejj4vd|2020-01-03 18:06:06|TIFU By getting drunk on new year's eve and screwing my chances with my crush.|"Hi, my name is James. 17-year-old boy. This was my new year's eve.  
Bit of info to start: So there is this very cute girl I like. Let's call her Lynn. I made a few plans for that night to kiss her or such but I totally f\*ed up.  


The evening starts for me at 9 pm thus I go to my friend's house at 9 pm. It's another group of friends than Lynn's group so she wasn't there.  We all start with a beer and I quickly grab the next one and so one which makes me very tipsy at only 11 pm..... Even though I am very tipsy I still continue drinking beers and start on the liquor. 

Let's skip to 12 am new year horay, to celebrate this a friend of mine starts handing out shots. Unfortunately drunk me decides that doing shots is a good idea...... A bit later I could still remember my plans to go to the party where Lynn is supposed to be thus I had to leave. At 1:30 am I fill my flagon with some vodka because this party was at a local club and drinks are very expensive there and around 2 am I leave my friend's house and arrive at the party at 2:30 am the party has been going on since 1 am and wasn't going to end until 7 am so I wasn't very late.

After some looking and asking I finally find Lynn. Perfect I thought, she is drunk as well. That's what I thought. In reality, she had a few drinks but could perfectly function. I hug her and wish her a happy new year. Bbecauseperfectlyut because I was a bit scared I decided to spark my confidence, so I take a large sip (aka 1/4 of my 7 fl.Oz flagon) of vodka. I start to dance with her having fun, we start laughing together, smiling and having a blast. However, I still don't dare to ask her to come outside with me thus I drink some more, and more, and more. Looking back after an hour or 2 she starts to look tired and bit exhausted from dancing. I should have recognized this as a sign to ask her to come outside but no, I decide to party a bit more and get drunker. Later when Lynn gets back the lights in my head go out, for around 2 full hours thus I can't remember what I did and I probably annoyed her a lot since I was around her. Some moment later another friend of mine sees me f\*ed up because of all the booze and takes me outside to get some fresh air (which I totally can not remember since it happened in the two hours, she told me afterward). The people of the first aid see me and almost break my arm carrying me to the first aid room (still don't know why they almost broke my arm). The manager comes and I have to identify myself so I give him my ID. First aid dude looks at my ID as well and noticed that I am 17. He says that to the manager, the manager frowns and says ""Okay, I'm kicking you out. Give me your ticket for the wardrobe and then you have to go!"" I ask why. He replies ""You drank too much and now you have to go."" Without a chance to defend me, he says ""Ok, you don't want to give me your ticket. Get out. The first aid people throw me out. Without a jacket, without the key to my bike and without my house key. I thought 'HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GET HOME IN MINUS 4 CENTIGRADE?'  luckily a classmate sees me and asks me where my jacket is and I tell him that the owner kicked me out. So my classmate gets me my jacket and I go home and go to bed around 6 am.  
The next morning I wake up and immediately text Lynn to apologize for my drunk behaviour. She says that it's alright it can happen and you can't do anything about it now.  


I know it was a very stupid idea of me to drink so much. I have to admit normally I don't drink that much because halfway my body says ""Bro what that freak are you doing, throw up or something!"" This time it didn't happen halfway but when I was in bed.

I really don't know what to do with my crush now, I really liked her but I don't think she will like me after this disaster... FML  


TL;DR  
I got too drunk on nye by drinking lots of beer and vodka. Ruined a chance to get to kiss/ask out my crush. And a local bar owner decided that it's a good idea to kick out a drunk 17-year old without a jacket, keys to his bike and the key to his home. I don't think I have a chance with my crush after this disaster... 

(Did not die because of alcohol poisoning)  
(sorry for spelling mistakes, English isn't my first language)"|James_Scotch|False|https://redd.it/ejj4vd|0|0.45|0|2|1|tifu
ejd2md|2020-01-03 09:20:18|TIFU By browsing reddit|"So this happened a few weeks ago.

I was at work, taking my break with my other co-workers, so i decided this would be a good time to browse some reddit. I'm just browsing away on the popular tab, and suddenly there is a post from r/pornhubcomments, me being the dumbass i am didn't think anything of it, so opened the picture to see the text more clear. WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE.

So a co-worker sees what i am doing, and he thought it would be funny to scream out: OMG HE'S ON PORNHUB. Me just wanting to die at this point, tried to eplain myself by saying it was a reddit post on r/pornhubcomments, yet they kept laughing and now weeks later it still gets brought up and makes me want to die.

TL;DR: was browsing reddit, came across a post from r/pornhubcomments and co-worker told everyone i was on pornhub"|yourivts|False|https://redd.it/ejd2md|6|0.89|0|2|1|tifu
eingyf|2020-01-01 20:42:50|TIFU by almost caught attempting to hang myself|"**TIFU**, or rather last night I fucked up by almost hanging myself in front of an old and lonely man.

I am not sure if this subreddit is accepting of a little touchy-feely stuff, but um, this is the closest I'll ever probably get to post here. Also, I just want to vent.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

**Recent Backstory (for those interested, otherwise skip down to ""*****The FU*****""):**

&#x200B;

Life is tough, even for an 18-year-old. It seems real hard at least, for someone going through something for the first time.

You all probably remember your first love, how amazing it was, maybe even how incredibly hard it was when it ended. Well, I never thought I would have to experience that ending part.

&#x200B;

I was together with this amazing girl, the same age as me, for 8 months and 1 day until she decided it wasn't working out anymore. It was a mature breakup, both understood it was for the best, but goddamnit it is hard. These past few weeks I have had thought about nothing else. Who is she gonna kiss on New Years'? What are guys telling her? Are they telling her how beautiful she is like I once used to do?

&#x200B;

I know I have a lot of life in front of me still, and it may seem stupid how I would ever take my actions to such lengths just because of this breakup. But this was something else. I have always said that I would never let a girl stand in the way of me and my career, my brother laughed a little and told me to wait and see. That bastard was right, I would've given up anything for her.

&#x200B;

It really does feel wrong, that we broke up, that this wasn't how things were planned to be. Although I am not much of a believer, I feel like we were simply meant to be.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

**The FU:**

&#x200B;

In my young life, I have fought a lot of fights with myself. My self-esteem, my motivation, and my self-love. I feel like I haven't gotten anywhere. I feel lonely, I feel misunderstood and I feel like I have no hope. Probably a little funny coming from an 18-year-old, but what can I say?

I have for a long time wanted to just disappear, just be able to let go of everything. Recently more than ever, after the person who I thought was the love of life walked right out of it.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I had set my mind to simply have fun on New Year's Eve, at a party with mostly close friends. I was expecting to not care about and think about my ex, and I managed to up until the clock struck midnight. The countdown came. Everyone was happy, fireworks being lit, people kissing. Me standing alone on the side with my hands in my pockets, wondering who the love of my life is kissing right now.

&#x200B;

I felt like I wanted to breathe a little so I casually walked head down away from everyone else into the woods and sat on a log to embrace my feelings. I started to think about all that I am not, and all that is pushing me under. I was becoming mad, thinking about all the shit I am going through, all the loneliness, and got up and started to walk through the forest not knowing where I was headed. I stumbled upon this old, run-down barn, and just thought to myself that I needed to find a rope so that I can finally do something about how I'm feeling. I walk onto the yard that this barn was sat on, and saw a few other old buildings there. Mind you how dark it is, but I wasn't scared, not even of what I was about to do.

&#x200B;

I found a quite sturdy-looking electrical cable hanging off a wall, and found that to be of enough length. I was just about to put it around my neck when I see the door open to one of the old houses. I immediately think that this person will be mad at me for trespassing. Turns out it is an old man, just wanted to come outside look at the fireworks that people from our party were setting off.

&#x200B;

We talked for what seemed like an eternity. We talked about how his wife passed a few years ago, we talked about how I was devastated after the love of my life broke up with me. And yes, I did mention to him the reason why I was standing in his yard. This man told me about his life, about how he once had no motivation to keep living after a girl broke up with me, many many years ago. I told him about how I wanted to prove to people my worth. How I look up to my grandfather, who fought for our country's independence and how I wanted to do something as great as that. Talking to this old man made me come to my senses. These bad feelings are temporary. It made me realize how I should never feel the need to prove myself to anyone but myself. This man prayed for me, right then and there. As I mentioned that I was from the party one house over, he started asking me if the kids are doing well. He heard one of the girls moved away and is studying law right now, living with her boyfriend. He told me how he's known them and their parents since they were toddlers.

&#x200B;

This man was about 80 years old. He took the time out of his otherwise quiet life, to talk sense into a stupid teenager just about to throw his whole life away. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

It didn't really hit me until this morning when my mom woke me up and my dad asked me if I wanted some coffee, what could've happened yesterday, had not the old man come out to look at the fireworks. 

&#x200B;

Let me end by wishing you all a happy new year, and I wish you all happiness and health. I will try to keep fighting and hope for the best, trying to trust the words of you older people saying that it, actually, is going to be alright.

&#x200B;

This is coming decade is the one where I'm gonna get my first, real job, I going to move to another country and study. The decade that I might get married, and might even start my family. Although this all was exciting stuff a month ago, it has changed now that the person whom I thought I'd share all this with left me, now the future seems really blurry. 

&#x200B;

Where do I start?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

**TL;DR** I was very drunk at a new years party, all my feelings, anger and hurt brought be to being just a few seconds from hanging myself, but an old wise man stopped me



**Edit:** I am overwhelmed by how much positive feedback and support I've gotten from this post. I am really grateful for all the messages and comments I've received. I'm also really glad that this post has given some light to those who are in a similar situation to me. You know how to PM me if you want to talk. 

Happy new year! I will keep fighting, for my own independence.❤️"|uselessuser123|True|https://redd.it/eingyf|5640|0.92|14|407|1|tifu
ej31e8|2020-01-02 19:40:16|TIFU by playing fetch with my dog.|"This happened this afternoon, morning for me.  I have a 106lbs German Shepherd named Ossi.  When I get up in the morning the first thing we do is go for a walk the dog always takes a ball with him.  Half way through the walk we get to this grassy area where he'll drop his ball by my feet so I can throw it.  I had a long night of drinking and hadn't had my coffee so my half awake self threw the ball without taking him off his leash.  As soon as I threw it I realized my mistake and made a second one and started running after him with leash in hand instead of doing the smart thing and letting it go.  The leash is a 16 ft retractable one so as soon as it came out all the way Ossi was running at full speed I vaulted forward slammed on the ground doing three additional rolls throwing out my back in the process.  To add insult to injury my dog came back over and dropped the ball on my lap so I could throw it again.  

TLDR; threw the ball without unleashing my dog tumbled around on the ground and threw out my back"|Ossi_Boy|False|https://redd.it/ej31e8|53|0.92|0|9|1|tifu
ejclok|2020-01-03 08:23:47|TIFU by asking a girl who works at the gym I go to commonly about her hair dye|"This happened about 6 hours ago and I realized I was a dumbass within 10 seconds of the words coming out.

Background! I regularly attend a gym but don’t talk too much to the people who work there. Usually nods, sign in, and move on to my workout. Some times I do interact, usually talk about the weather being unusually cold or exchange pleasantries. On rare occasions we actually strike up a conversation.


I like many here am quite socially awkward. Work also has been figuratively beating the shit out of me making it difficult to process compliments as well as properly execute one. One conversation a while back for some reason two of their employees asked about my beard, if I trimmed it or not, and one of the girls there complimented that it looked nice. I didn’t know what to say so I took it like an “IOU” a compliment.

Now the fuck up... so this employee she normally has golden blonde hair. Recently she dyed it to this thick black and it looks really, really cool. Finally saw this as an opportunity to return a compliment. However, instead of saying “you’re hair looks good, what made you dye it” I just asked “what made you dye your hair?” I can tell in her face she wasn’t amused at all with the question. Explained that she was either dying it or shaving it off so the logical recourse was dye first. I realized instantly I sounded more like a douche; completely voiding my goals. Signing in will be a lot more awkward now.

tl;dr worded a question about a girl’s hair in the dickest ways possible and now signing in will be weird"|loudaggerer|False|https://redd.it/ejclok|6|0.78|0|2|1|tifu
ej9og7|2020-01-03 03:45:37|TIFU by Adding Ghost Peppers to Our Family Dinner|"This actually happened years ago when I was maybe 14 years old. I was visiting my grandparents in the midwest over the summer, and the two actually own a salsa company and made the product themselves at the time. The two had a pretty large garden filled with various peppers and tomatoes for this reason, and on the first night of our visit, my grandfather told me I should pick out a few things to use in our dinner that night. What caught my attention the most were his ghost peppers, which I had always wanted to try and he approved.

When it came time to make dinner, I went to start cutting up the peppers, to which my grandma informed me that I had to use gloves because of the strength of the peppers. This caught me off guard, but I complied. I'll try not to jump around the timeline of my story too much, but I want to point out that despite never touching the peppers without gloves, my hands were actually burning for several days afterwards. These peppers were legit, and if my hands were affected in this way, you can probably imagine what these peppers did to my mouth. It was probably a week before my lips were back to normal, and this was after using less than a bite's worth of the pepper. Despite the pain this meal caused, it's actually not what the story is about. This is merely background.

Now, being a 14 year old boy who had recently entered my first real relationship, ripe and horny, you can probably imagine the types of things I'd do in the bathroom late at night at this stage in my life. It was after the rest of my family had fallen asleep that I snuck into the bathroom to browse my most frequented website in incognito mode. Shortly into my endeavor, I started to notice an Icy Hot type of feeling on my dick. It was abnormal, but not enough to distract me from my task. I continued on. The longer I went at it, though, the more intense the feeling got, and eventually, it's just starting to burn. I stopped to think, and when it hit me, I panicked at the thought of what was happening.

Not wanting to wake people up, I started rubbing soap onto my flaming penis, hoping to wash off the pepper residue. This was not a very well thought out decision on my end, as the soap only increased the burning sensation, a lesson I should have learned during my pre-teen years. So, it was probably close to 2am by that point, and I was in my grandparent's bathroom a case of spicydick with absolutely no game plan. I tried everything from a cold shower to sticking my cock into a glass of milk, and it just wouldn't go away. 

With no definite solution, I spent that whole night in pain, and it was days later before I was completely back to normal. The aftermath was a funny walk and an uncomfortable look on my face for a while, but I still tried to preserve my dignity by keeping this a secret. It was a hard lesson to learn, and honestly a bit worth it for the story, but holy shit... My penis has not forgotten the pain, suffering, and trauma it endured during that summer.

TL;DR - I jerked off after chopping a ghost pepper and practically lit my dick on fire."|tempu605|False|https://redd.it/ej9og7|10|0.92|0|5|1|tifu
ej2wwd|2020-01-02 19:31:33|TIFU by having sex next to my sister|"This actually happened last night into this morning and I (18M) want to die.

My girlfriend (18F) is staying over for the week (she lives in my college town, which is 180ish miles from my house and we haven’t seen each other in a few weeks). Last night we decided to have stealthy sex for obvious reasons but may not have been stealthy enough (at least for the last few minutes we may have gotten carried away). My sister (16F) lives on the other side of the wall but she’s usually a deep sleeper and it was an hour after we said good night, since she has school today and we don’t. We really weren’t too loud and the bed barely moved, but my mom told me this morning that my sister came to her “traumatized” and that my girlfriend and I need to sleep in the basement. I said we were just moving around and not having sex since I don’t know exactly what she heard. We are going to the city for the day and are kind of dreading going back to my house later today. My mom said we had to sleep in the basement as opposed to my room...
Any advice is welcome :)

TL;DR didn’t have stealthy-enough sex

Edit: Thanks for the amazing responses. My girlfriend and I are so tired from a long day in NYC so we’re going to sleep at 8pm and forcing our way into my room. So no sex and no basement."|davdeluxe126|True|https://redd.it/ej2wwd|43|0.81|0|42|1|tifu
eizdus|2020-01-02 15:11:37|"TIFU by giving the wrong response to ""I love you"""|"Obligatory happened two days ago instead of today. So here's the story...

On New Year's Eve night my wife (of 6 months) and I were in bed getting ready for an early AM flight. We're in our 20s, but a 4 AM wake up means no NYE party for us and just splitting a bottle of champagne at home. 

I got in bed first, and after beer and champagne, was a little drowsy. She crawled in after me and started reading a book. While reading, she paused and said, ""Well, 2019 was quite the year. Time to say goodnight for the last time in our wedding year. I love you.""

Here's the problem. I was already effectively asleep and lucid dreaming, of all things, about the movie Moana. So when my wife told me ""I love you,"" I responded with ""YOU'RE WELCOME."" The moment I said it I fully awoke and realized what I'd just done. Fortunately, I also found it hilarious, and my 20 minutes of hysterical laughter convinced her that I had been asleep when I responded. And yes, I did wake up with my genitals still attached. 

TLDR: Newlywed wife said I love you on NYE, I responded with ""you're welcome."""|roadwarrior329|False|https://redd.it/eizdus|96|0.86|0|29|1|tifu
ejd8w4|2020-01-03 09:41:17|TIFU by enjoying my gf’s company in a parking lot at 1am|"TL;DR below

Obligatory few months ago. Male 18 years old, gf was 16, now 17 (still dating!). Was driving my gf of only a few weeks home from the movies at about 12:30am. Her curfew was 1am so we thought we’d stop for a bit and park the car in this park near her house. 

We’ve gone in there numerous times after dark since the gate is always left open and it’s quite dead at that hour. Never did anything crazy at this point, mostly just making out with touching and nudity above the waist only. We pull in (the right side of the gate was open and left was closed, so I figured it was no biggie to be in there) and park maybe 200 feet from and facing the entrance. 

About 5 minutes into our session, our sweatshirts, shirts, and her bra are a crumpled mess in the backseat of my car, and suddenly high beams shine at us from the entrance to the park.

Of course, being the good apple that I was up to this point, I have no idea what to do and panic. There is only one entrance to this park and at this point I’m sitting here picking through a mound of clothes with my half naked gf trying to decide whether the approacing car with its lights off is someone coming to rob us or a cop. So I’m thinking at this point maybe I should crawl over the console to start the car and book it out of there.

Thankfully I didn’t do that and the car put it’s flashing police lights on and I realized we were not going to get jumped (probably pretty obvious since a ne’er-do-well wouldn’t approach with his brights on...).

We quickly scrambled to get our clothes on and I sheepishly stepped out from the backseat to greet the park ranger. Being a female park ranger (rangers are notorious for being less lenient than cops) and considering I was trespassing in the backseat with a girl at 1am, I knew there was no way I was getting out of this one. My gf (who at this point was mostly clothed) also failed to produce any ID to prove her age, and since she looks quite young for her age and I look quite old, I certainly wasn’t getting any favors in that department. So my socially awkward self accepted the ticket and got out of there asap. We haven’t returned...

TL;DR Stopped for some fun in a parking lot at 1am. Thought i was gonna get jumped but got robbed by Uncle Sam instead. Now I’m out $50

Edit: Small clarification"|twinkie2001|False|https://redd.it/ejd8w4|4|0.75|0|7|1|tifu
ejdx23|2020-01-03 10:57:33|TIFU for refusing the opportunity to have sex for the first time|"Hi r/TIFU,

This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons. I'm going to be very vague with details here also just out of cautiousness, please bear with me. I might delete this post in a few hours.

**P1,P2,P3** = Person **1**,**2,3**

Couple of months ago I went traveling with some others and **P1** for a celebratory night. On that celebratory night we booked a VIP table and had a luxury car take us to and from our penthouse suite. On that night **P1** had an escort with him until the next day. Eventually throughout the night everyone left the VIP table for a bit and it was just me and the escort, she told me she'd be back in x minutes and she never returned. 

**P1** was pissed and upset on there celebratory night when he came back and it was apparent she did a runner. Me wanting to make up for it, I see two good looking ladies at the bar (**P2** & **P3**). I tell **P1** to look at them and I let him know I'm going to make up for it. So I try my luck and go the the bar and to my surprise **P2** & **P3** come back to the VIP table. The night goes on and it's time to go home, we get in the luxury car and off we all go back to our penthouse suite.

What was happening here is I'm trying to get **P1** a threesome but it was heavily hinted that I take one girl and **P1** takes one girl in the car ride back from **P2** & **P3**. Which had me thinking this is my chance, but as I had a girlfriend (now ex) at the time, the idea was for me to pay **P1** back. But bear in mind, the current relationship wasn't going to lead anywhere and months prior I tried to go separate ways but it never happened. So I'm stuck in a situation where I can release my blue balls for the first time in my life, but I swallow a tough pill and eventually get **P1** a threesome with **P2** & **P3** and decline sex with someone in a situation that probably won't ever happen again.

Not only once, but twice. **P1** got there number that night and called them for dinner days later and had another threesome. So yeah I payed **P1** back pretty good.

A week later at another part of the country we have a casual night out at a club, the night goes on and these two girls are dancing next to us and want to get with us. I kinda started dancing with one of them (**P4**) and they make out with me and I was like fuck... what just happened, I crossed the line.. but I didn't want that, yet I should've known gazing at her would lead to something like that.. a million thoughts running through my mind and I guess this is it, I'm a cheater? 

The night goes on and there coming back to where we are staying. Everyone is in the pool and they ask me to jump in as well, I agree and the next thing I know **P4** jumps on me and makes out with me again (nobody saw it I think, at least they never mentioned it to me the next day)... so take my hand under and touch her pussy.. but as I did that I got out of the pool immediately out of disgust and locked myself in my room until morning. That was one tough night to sleep as **P4** banged on my door all night. Sorry **P4**..

Yes, what I did was fucked up but that relationship wasn't going anywhere and it was just stagnated and not healthy.. nothing was going to come from it and I tried but after that night **P1** got a threesome I was slowly getting desperate and the thought of getting laid was creeping up on me and then the second time he had a threesome I think is what made me snap.

This doesn't happen where I live, if I was to go out to a nightclub I'd get shunned hard. This is the first time I've ever been in a situations like this and I cannot stop thinking about what I declined because the next time I get this opportunity right now I don't know. I'm kind of desperate to be honest not sure what I'm going to do. If how things were eventually going to end, whilst fucked up I would've gotten laid multiple times.

If you got this far thanks for reading, I really needed to vent this out.

**TL;DR** tried to swallow a tough pill and decline sex twice because it's the right thing to do, ended up breaking and still a virgin and desperate."|ThrowawayDetail2|False|https://redd.it/ejdx23|3|0.71|0|5|1|tifu
ej335t|2020-01-02 19:43:48|TIFU by assuming I was home alone.|"Well fuck.

This happened 10 minutes ago and I still feel embarrassed to leave my room.

So, for context, for about 2 years I had lived alone in my old hometown as I had decided to go to a local university for engineering. No pets, no family in the house, nothing.

Well, my brother recently moved back about 4 months ago in order to attend the same university. Usually we don't have problems as we do our own thing due to me working odd hours on top of school, so we don't usually see each other very often. We would also find time to buy each other food and pay back with more food, like I'll cover lunch so he can cover dinner.

I guess I woke up pretty late from a night of drinking and binge-watching The Witcher (great show, by the way), so I figured my brother had gone to work and I was alone, as it wasn't one of the days I knew he was off. I was in the mood as I had just woke up, so I figured, why not break in the New Year with some good ol' euphoria, right?

I was very wrong.

I was in the middle of my knuckle shuffle as I turn around and look at my brother standing behind me, in total confusion as to what I was doing. He was holding lunch for the both of us and didn't think to knock on the door. I never thought time would slow, but the half a second just seeing my brother felt like an hour. I promptly yelled ""WHAT THE F\*\*\*?"" and he quickly dropped off the bag of food and went to his room.

It's been 10 minutes since and now I don't think I could die without leaving my room.

TL;DR: Bust a nut in front of my brother unknowingly.  


EDIT: I'm male."|icemaster83|False|https://redd.it/ej335t|29|0.91|0|15|1|tifu
eiuqj1|2020-01-02 06:44:07|TIFU by getting caught in auto-felatio VERY [NSFW]|"I (17M) am going to cut straight to the chase: I'm very horny, but I also wholeheartedly believe in the ""wait until marriage"" thing. So, I masturbate 1-3 times a day, and because of this, typical masturbation doesn't always bring me to completion, so I need to spice up masturbation. One way I do this is auto-felatio.

Now for the story part:

For New Year's this year my family went to visit family far away. While we were there, we had a great time and visited with lots of family, but since I was staying with my uncle, aunt, and their young children, I had very few masturbation opportunities. Anyway, I make it through the visit by carefully choosing the right times, but I had to at least half my rate.

On the way back, we stopped at a store, where my father bought me a game and we got some more quality family time.

We make it back home, and I rush to the bathroom. I'm so horny but I also just have to go to the bathroom. I'm starting to masturbate, but I can't get to orgasm because all I can get away with atm noise and space wise is the normal stroking. So, I wait for my boner to go away as a precaution and prepare to transfer from my half bathroom to my full bathroom (my bedroom doesn't have a lock and my house is small), convinced that family is in bed. My dad is still up watching Netflix, so instead, I set the game to install and pretend to be waiting for that. But my dad keeps watching TV and telling me to hurry up and get to bed for school tomorrow. Eventually, it reached the point where I couldn't reasonably wait for him because of how many times he asked me and how horny I was getting. 

I lock my door, turn on the shower water, get hard and put my legs above my head and walk down and begin auto-felatio. I'm starting to get into it, then I hear a noise. I have those locks that can be twisted to unlock, and it's not uncommon for my family to do that to grab a toothbrush quickly while another person is in the shower. So I stop and listen and look to see if my dad's opening the lock. Nope, probably one of the pets doing something. I continue. Five minutes later same noise, still nothing, not even feet under the door. I hear it a third time and don't even check because it's similar to the sound the past two times and I'm INTO it now. 

I hear my dad say, ""What're you doing?!""

I completely stand up and say, ""What're *you* doing?!"" and lock the door as my dad leaves.

He says, ""I'm trying to... ... ... I'm trying to get the toothbrush. Can I grab the toothbrush?""

I say, ""just a sec.""

I unlock the door and quicklyget in the shower and hear my dad walking away from the bathroom. I say, ""ok, you can come in."" 40ish seconds later my dad's grabbing the toothbrush and while he brushes his teeth he talks to me about styling my hair, as I got a haircut two days before. He asks me what time I need to wake up and leaves for bed saying, ""don't play that game [hopefully meaning the video game] tonight, you need to go to bed."" 

I'm so flacid now but still pretty horny, so I just restart but do the whole thing in the shower, then go into my room, spare a spider by moving it out of my room instead of killing it, and wrote this.

My dad 100% saw me with my penis deep in my mouth. Why didn't he knock? Does his reaction mean this is ""forgotten"" or is he going to tell my mom or something? I'm so scared.

Tl;dr:
After a very nice family vacation, my dad walked in on my sucking my own dick and had a conversation with me minutes later like it didn't happen. What now?"|thr0waway4m5|True|https://redd.it/eiuqj1|327|0.9|1|113|1|tifu
eiiy9n|2020-01-01 14:38:13|TIFU by not realising I had testicular torsion|"So I guess I should start off by saying an obligatory, this didn’t happen today, but around 7 years ago. I was around 16/17 at this point.

It all started when I was sat on my bed one day, just minding my own business, think I may have been watching Friends at this point. But that’s not really got anything to do with the fuck up. So I was sat on my bed and got up to go to the toilet, as anyone would usually do when they need to pee. Suddenly get a sharp pain in my groin but think nothing of it. I’ve had pain before in that area and it’s gone after about 10 minutes or so. Pretty much the only way to describe the pain would be like having needles stuck into your scrotum and left there...

Sat back down wondering what the fuck is wrong with me, can’t even manage to stand up and go for a piss properly without hurting myself! No one else was home so I couldn’t really ask for help so I lay back down waiting for the pain to subside.

Half an hour later my parents come home and pop into my room to see if I’ve woken up for the day. See me lying on my bed and ask what’s up. Too embarrassed to tell them my balls feel like they’re being constantly stamped on, I just told them I had a bit of a stomach ache and I’d be okay. That was the end of that for now...

Couple of hours later and it’s still the same and I’m starting to feel quite nauseous too. Take some pain medication and head back to bed. Lying down seemed to ease the pain a little so carried on watching more Friends. At this point I hadn’t eaten anything all day because I felt I’d just throw everything I’d eat up.

After a sleepless night tossing and turning, unable to find a comfortable position to sleep in, I decide to tell my mum that I don’t feel to good. A couple hours later and I’m at the doctors trying to describe to him what was wrong with me. Being the idiot I am, I decided to skip the bit telling him one of my balls felt like it was being torn off. He sends me away with a diagnosed food poisoning and tells me to keep hydrated and to rest. The rest of that day was pretty much the same, me lying in bed wondering why the hell the pain isn’t going away.

Next day and it’s still the same. Right this is getting serious now! It’s been almost 2 full days and it’s still not gone! It’s time to tell someone what’s actually up! Try to tell my mum without trying to describe my testicles to her in too much detail and her face looks as white as a ghost. 30 mins later and I’m in the emergency room at the hospital with a guy cupping my balls asking why I didn’t tell anyone sooner. I cried! I didn’t know what was going on and neither did any of my family. Into surgery I go, after being told they’d do everything they can to save the little fella. But with the length of time I’d had the pain, things weren’t looking hopeful.

Wake up hours later without a clue as to where I was and the surgeon walks in. One of the hardest conversations I’ve had in my life. I’d lost one of my testicles! There was nothing they could do about it.

So yeah that’s the story of how I got testicular torsion and ended up losing one of my balls because I was too scared to say anything.

So to all my guy friends out there... any sort of pain, whether big or small, go get it checked out immediately! And don’t be scared to tell people about it. Better to be embarrassed than to have one testicle for the rest of your life.

TL;DR Got pain in my balls one day but was too scared to tell anyone. A couple days later I’m in the hospital with testicular torsion and there was no way of saving one of my testicles. Moral of the story is, go see a doctor if something doesn’t feel right.

Edit: I’d like to thank u/shadowguysix for providing the following video: https://youtu.be/slobhI2HXhA Very informative and explains what guys need to do when they feel something isn’t right! Please share with all guys, especially those under 25!

Edit no 2: I honestly didn’t expect to get so much response to this. Thanks everyone for your kind words and support! I guess I just wanted to spread awareness around testicular torsion. It’s a bitch and people need to know about it! Also to those who have been through this also, I empathise with you all! It’s nice to know I’m not the only one..

Also thanks kind stranger for the gold! Not sure what I do with it but it means a lot ☺️

Edit 3: Getting quite a few people asking if I can still have kids.. yes, the other one is working perfectly fine, just needs to work overtime when needed

I should also add, I’m not a doctor so please, anyone asking for advice, it’s probably best to see your GP if you have any concerns

Edit 4: I’ve loved reading all your comments and stories, I’m trying my best to respond to as many as possible but I should probably sleep now. Keep them coming and I’ll return tomorrow...

WOW! Thank you to everyone that’s commented so far! I honestly never expected this to come from a simple post about my experience of testicular torsion! I know I’ve already said this but all I wanted was just to help spread awareness about the issues and I’m glad I did, so many have shared their stories and others have made decisions about going to get themselves checked out after reading my post, so thanks again! I’ve been inundated with comments, I will try my best to read through every single one and upvote them but I honestly won’t be able to respond to everyone. Currently got over 300 notifications about comments I’ve not read yet. If there’s any comment I read that I feel I should respond to, I will, otherwise, I will read all other comments too but couldn’t physically write to each one individually, sorry. Thanks again to everyone who’s shared stories and I wish a Happy New Year to everyone and hope for good health for every single one of you kind strangers!"|throwaway9847294|True|https://redd.it/eiiy9n|13497|0.94|8|1067|1|tifu
ejbecm|2020-01-03 06:16:12|TIFU by accidentally letting my entire VERY Christian family see nudes from my girlfriend|"Obligatory this happened about 2 weeks ago.  I am a senior in High School and I was and am on Christmas break and was in another state with my very boring cousins. We occasionally play a board game but I usually sat around on YouTube or reddit or played smash while everyone else was sitting around reading or cleaning. They are all very religious (I’m not) and all they do is read. I like reading just as much as the next guy, but I’m always so bored when we go to see them. Anyways we were playing a bored game and I left part way through after I lost (it was a game very similar to mafia) to take a poop. Whenever I am in the bathroom I always sit on reddit and browse memes and other random subreddits like TIFU, entitledparents, etc. Whenever I see a good meme or post I upvote and screenshot it to look at later or show to friends. Two other things I should mention before I continue: 1) I have a girlfriend that o have been dating since sophomore year that I live very deeply and I haven’t told my parents about her. If I did, I would have to break up with her and her parents are bros and understand. Because my parents are so religious, they would not let me have anything to do with a girl that is a year older than me, isn’t religious, and as vulgar and whatnot as she is. I don’t care and I lover her a lot but my parents just wouldn’t understand. We also occasionally engage in... sinful actions ;). 2) my phone has a very finicky slider thing. I have an iPhone 6s that I’ve had for years and the slider thing on the left is very weird. It sometimes switches to mute and I mute without me touching it and needs to kinda be in the middle to be silent. Anyway I’m with the story at some point it has turned to unmute and when I took a screenshot of a meme that made me chuckle, it made the very loud noise an iPhone makes when i take a screenshot. This so happens to be the same sound it makes when you take a picture. When I had finished I washed my hands and walk out the door and upmost shat myself in surprise. My aunt, younger cousin (16, male) and mom where standing there staring at me. I asked if they needed something and my mom told me to hand her my phone, I hesitated but complied and my mind was racing at what they could’ve possibly found. Instead of just taking my phone, my mom unlocked it, and began to look in the photos app. Now I have nothing in there that would be incriminating but I was confused and wanted to know what was going on and panicked and took my phone back. When I asked, my mom said that my cousin heard a picture taking noise from the bathroom (thin walls, and the bathroom is attached to the room where he sleeps). I understood and began to tell her what happened but she snatched my phone back, not letting me finish, and said that there is only one reason why someone would take a picture in the bathroom. I froze. They thought I took a dick pic in there. They left and said that she would look through my entire phone to find what I had done, literally locking me in that room alone. All my bitch ass cousins watched as she looked through my phone, and I was terrified. I sat and played smash but couldn’t concentrate. If she found my messages from discord or from text with my gf I’m screwed. About an hour later my mom entered my room and told me everything incriminating she found. First of all, the memes I had saved were extremely inappropriate in her eyes (swearing, “disturbing images”, etc.), second, she found my texts. She read a lot of them. When I heard this I wanted to die so badly. She said that everyone saw her nudes, and read our conversations. All of those little dicks. We ended up leaving early, I didn’t say goodbye and was so pissed at them I wanted to beat them all up. I was also sad because my family, my parents have lost all trust in me. I can deal with getting my phone and car taken away for an eternity, but I live my parents and I can’t stand how they feel about me now. They made me send a breakup text to my gf but I immediately after sent her a discord pm saying I’d explain later, but we aren’t breaking up. I told her the story at work the next night. Anyways, my life is fucked.

TL;DR: I took a screenshot in the bathroom, it made the loud photo noise, my parents heard it and thought it was a dick pic, all my bitch ass cousins watched as my mom sifted through my phone and found nudes from my gf. Everything. Is taken away now including my dignity.

Not that bad but ima mark it nsfw anyways."|NothingButCubing|False|https://redd.it/ejbecm|4|0.7|0|23|1|tifu
ej197a|2020-01-02 17:33:38|TIFU by leaving my pc open|"Throw away account because reasons ..so .. gf (future wife ... maybe..if she wants....soon i will find out) and I bough an apartment 4 month ago and we still decorate and stuff.

Today I finished my PC corner (well 95% but my gf consider it finished) so she decided to take a picture and show our parents. Here is were the fu happens.

I left my PC open while I go to put the tools away before I take a photo to post it on [r/battlestations](https://www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/), meanwhile she didn't notice (guess she is so used to it) that my desktop wallpaper is a picture of her nude and tied (tame bdsm stuff that we are into, well me mostly but she is game from time to time) so she takes a picture of my corner.

She sent the picture to the whatsapp group channel where both our parents (mine and her) discuss common stuff and then we continue to clean around the house. After 30 minutes we noticed that none of or parents called, usually after we pot something like this one of them calls us to ask questions and tell us that we are crazy (we like to improvise stuff and go out of norms and do diy stuff) and our parents are more phone junkier that a Instagram bimbo. So I take a look at the group and saw that everyone saw the picture, then something catch my eye. When I open the photo she sent I noticed my gf in full nude glory on the picture and I'm just stunned. She notice that I'm stunned so she come and see. Her face turn red and then starts laughing and says ""fuck I didn't notice, well that's what you get for keeping porn on your pc, good thing the light bulb reflection cover my face, I will tell them that I don't know what stupid game character porn you have on your pc"" and then leaves laughing.

I'm still stunned, no one called in more than 2h hours....don't know how to explain...

TL:DR left my pc open, gf took a picture of my pc corner and sent it to our parents, she didn't notice I had a nude wallpaper with her"|uoa75651|False|https://redd.it/ej197a|39|0.94|0|7|1|tifu
ej77aa|2020-01-03 00:33:26|TIFU by throwing away my Christmas present|"This is actually a ""we fucked up"" and happened last week, but we didn't realize until yesterday.

My husband bought me a pearl ring for Christmas. It was gorgeous - a white pearl in an oval, intricate setting with a white gold band. I loved it instantly. And it was made all the more special because he'd been saving up for it for awhile.

Here's the fuckup - my husband hid the ring box in a bigger box to make it a surprise. After I opened the ring, I put it back in its box and put the ring box back in the bigger one. Then I forgot about it. It sounds shitty I know, but there were a lot of mitigating factors.

Cue New Year's Day, both hubby and I are scrambling to get the house in order because my family is visiting and they're five minutes out. I ask him where the big box is that the ring was in. He stops cold and asks me why. I tell him because I want to get the ring out of it and put it on so I can show it off. He tells me that he threw the bigger box out on Sat. Our trash was collected Sun.

The man has never thrown a box away in his life. The mountain of Amazon Prime boxes in our basement can attest to that. But of course, this one time...

So now we're waiting to hear from the store where he bought the ring to see if he can get a replacement.

TL;DR - Hubby bought me an incredible ring for Christmas. I absentmindedly put the ring box back in a bigger box; hubby threw said box in the trash which has since been collected."|SomeChickUKnow|False|https://redd.it/ej77aa|12|0.86|0|3|1|tifu
ej2rtn|2020-01-02 19:21:46|TIFU by blazing a joint when I don't know where I am|"This happened more than 15 years ago, but it still qualifies as one of my more epic fuck-ups in which I narrowly escaped some serious consequences. There is a bit of background to this story, so bear with me.

One of my oldest friends is a mad Irishman and a top-class traveler, and we have had many wild adventures together. He has done a number of amazing overland trips, including the tip of South America to the Arctic circle, which is the basis of this story. On this particular journey he bought an old Suburban with Texas plates somewhere in Central America that he drove up through the States into Canada and on to Alaska. In order to help fund his journey, he also bought a bunch of different knick-knacks, textiles, and other handicrafts from various places on the way that he intended to sell in the US. Among this haul was a bag of about 200 handmade smoking pipes from Guatemala. He managed to sell quite a lot of this stuff for a small profit on his way north, but he didn't get rid of all of the pipes.

Having reached the end of the road somewhere up in the northern lights, he turned around, planning to head back to California, where I was living at the time, to hang around for a bit and reunite with an old flame who was in the Bay Area. However, on his way back into Washington, US border customs searched his truck and found the bag of pipes. While the pipes weren't strictly illegal, they were certainly suspicious and were enough to deny my friend entry back into the US and cancel his visa.

Stuck in Vancouver with his plans blown, my friend had no option but to fly back home to Ireland. It took a couple months, but he was determined to come back, so he saved up again and applied for a new visa. In the end he got one, but unfortunately for him, it was only a single entry, and this is where I enter the story.

The Suburban, of course, was still in Vancouver. My friend had it parked at the long-term lot of the airport. Figuring that it would be too risky to drive it himself, he planned to fly into Seattle and recruit me to go and pick it up for him. Since he offered to pay my flights from California, and we could enjoy a nice weekend in a different city, I had no reason not to help him out. A fun little adventure, right?

At the time I was working nights, so after a 12 hour shift I drive an hour and a half to Sacramento and catch an early morning flight. My friend meets me at the airport and hands me the keys and some cash for gas and parking. Before I hop on the shuttle bus to the Vancouver airport, he also lets me know that, while the car is spotlessly clean, he left a tiny stash of weed in the visor above the wheel. Cool, I think, I can have a little toke before I get on the road back. What a thoughtful friend I have!

Having had no sleep for almost a day, I crash hard on the bus and barely remember the journey. It's winter time and much colder than I'm used to. There's also a bit of snow on the ground. I find the car no problem, but when I turn the key, the battery is dead. I can't use my phone, so I trudge across the lot to the gate and get them to call someone to come and jump me. By the time they get there, I'm freezing, it's dark, and I just want to get going. We get the car started, and I jump on the freeway for Seattle.

Once the car and my fingers warm up I remember the weed. It's a nice little nug, enough for a joint, but I need to roll it up, so I have to pull over somewhere. I pass a few exits, but there is a lot of traffic around, and I don't see anywhere inviting to pull over. I decide to wait until I am a bit further out of the city.

Eventually I get to a darker area and exit. I find a convenience store a few blocks down and pull into the parking lot. I roll up a nice fat doob and chuck the last little bits out of the car. The area where I am seems quiet, but there are still people around. I'll just smoke this on the road, I think; it will be safer. I spark it up, take a puff or two, and make my way back to the freeway. A little snow flurry is starting, I have the radio going, the weed is tasting good. The journey looks easy from here. That, of course, is when the fuck-up starts.

Just as I merge onto the freeway, a huge green sign appears that says ""CANADIAN BORDER 500 METERS."" What the fuck? Since I had slept on the way up (and since this was before Google maps) I had no idea really how close to the border I was. Well, I was fucking close!

Oh, shit, oh shit! I start to panic. I toss the joint out, slow down to a ridiculous speed, and frantically try to open all the windows. They're not electric, and it's a huge car, so I'm weaving all around trying to reach across for the handle on the other side. There's still smoke wafting around as I approach customs on the Canadian side, but there's no one stopped there, so I just...keep going.

Now I'm in no man's land. It's an obvious fuck-up to not stop at the border, but I figure it will buy me a little more time to air out the car. I'm still driving stupidly slow when I get to the American side, but I have to stop now. I smile and play dumb as the border guard approaches the car, asking why I didn't stop before. I start to explain that I didn't know I had to, but he interrupts me before I can even finish. ""Sir, I'm smelling a strong odor of marijuana coming from your car. I'm going to ask you to park your vehicle over there.""

Oh shit, oh shit. I park and they pull me inside the customs building where they ask me to wait while a team of officers and dogs goes carefully over every inch of the vehicle. My mind is racing as I watch a German Shepard jump around the back of the car. I trust my friend, and I know there is nothing in the truck, but what if? I'm slightly stoned, but surprisingly, I don't freak out, and they don't frisk me or interrogate me too much. Still, I'm made to wait over an hour before they decide to let me go, having nothing to hold me for beyond an odor that no longer exists.

Back on the road I make good time, and finally meet up with my friend in the city who is laughing his ass off at my expense. Mission accomplished! Another nearly disastrous fuck-up with my crazy friend that I somehow survived. Naturally, I make him buy the first round while I regale the full story for the first, but definitely not the last time. It's now a classic in the annals of our stupid adventures.

TL;DR I sparked a joint just before driving across the Canadian - US border and nearly got into some serious legal trouble."|Nozka|False|https://redd.it/ej2rtn|28|0.85|0|14|1|tifu
ej65z8|2020-01-02 23:17:47|TIFU A birthday present|"So when I was in highschool, my group of friends were the menaces of school, often being pestering or mildly offensive but doing it in a way that we couldn’t get in trouble for. Yeah, surprise surprise, we all basically started full time jobs after highschool. Still, that group was super close, and we didn’t exclude ourselves from our pranks. My thing was being heavily PC and openly sexual, which I got away with because I’m gay, which is a fuck up in itself. My sophomore year, I told everyone, and I mean everyone, I wanted a dildo for “sexual health”. We were all under 18, so I thought nothing of it, and I was content with another day of making stuckups uncomfortable. My best friend did, however, think about it. He bought one online using a debit card, which I didn’t know you could do. His fuck up was when he sent it to his house. His parents were paranoid, even to go as far as testing his piss on a weekly basis for pot. So when the package arrived, they opened it of course. Next thing I knew, my best friend bursts out in laughter in the middle of class, which is never a good sign. He got sent outside, grinning all the way out the door. He sent me an image of his mom holding a dildo, and said “happy birthday!”. I swear I turned into a hot plate, absolutely red and burning. I ended up getting it in person the same day because I drove my friend home. I was a little more at ease, because his mom was way cooler with gay people than his dad, but when I saw his dad standing in the driveway, I went ghost white. Next was the most awkward exchange of my friend’s dad handing me an amazon package, me opening it up under his command, and fake laughing as I held a dildo up in front of my friends parents. Of course, my best friend had broken into laughter again, and I fumbled my way through a goodbye and got back in my car. I still have it, and my friends still laugh at me because of it, and the lesson is, ask and you shall receive.
tl;dr I asked for a stupid present, and got an embarrassment."|wowcool941|False|https://redd.it/ej65z8|12|0.93|0|1|1|tifu
ej7cxf|2020-01-03 00:44:33|TIFU for fooling around and acting like Mr. Beast|"Note: If one of you comrades are reading this, I am sorry about what happened and let us never discuss this again

It happened back in December and oh boy, I still kept a vivid memory of it. 

Our school had a sports festival and gave the students the freedom to go watch school sports or go fool around on the lobby, the cafeteria, or on the field area so my comrades decided to stay on the field area and one comrade brought a tent. 

It started after eating lunch where my dumbass thought of something so bad and something copyright strike worthy that we had to do it. The challenge was basically, ""LaSt OnE tO lEaVe ThE TeNt, GeTs A hUnDrEd PeSoS.""

The instructions were, stay in a cramped tent with no ventilation. ""Oh what did you say? No ventilation?"" YES ABSOLUTELY NO VENTILATION. We tried to cover the tiny holes that let air in but we didn't execute it very well since three people in the tent kept on pushing our hands away.

Approximately five minutes in, some of our comrades outside the tent, including me decided to bail the scene into the cafeteria and made an excuse that we had a little snack there. 

I'm not going to full details about what happened next, basically one of our comrades that was not involved found us in the cafeteria and we explained everything to him and decided that we should return. 

After returning, the seven participants were probably, a bit pissed at us for leaving them and we had a bit of an argument. While we were arguing, a comrade said, ""we got a man down!"" I checked and apparently, two of the participants were badly incapacitated.

We had to stop and we opened the tent. And when we opened tent, I knew why the two had nausea, the atmosphere in the tent was HORRIBLE, it was hot, and it reeks of body odor.

One was gasping for air looking like he hadn't been breathing for ages, and one looked pale and struggling to breathe fresh air. We offered the two some water and we had a a fight about why they had to endure that. It was my fault for having the idea of trying to copy a youtuber, and that lead my comrades to almost suffocating.

And in the end of the day, we actually solved the problem and everyone tied loose ends.
Now you may ask, ""Was the damn challenge finally over?"" No. Apparently everyone was out of the tent and when we checked, one of the participants had been SLEEPING through all this. Technically he won the challenge, and everyone agreed to that. We tried to wake him up because the challenge was over. He then woke up because of some ""forceful tactics"" and he gladly accepted the reward.

TL;DR, I tried to be Mr. Beast and almost lead my comrades to suffocation."|yaboiNik92|False|https://redd.it/ej7cxf|7|0.75|0|2|1|tifu
ejlei9|2020-01-03 20:41:41|TIFU by cumming on my laptop|"TIFU when me and my gf were ""video chatting"" when my soldiers were way stronger than I thought they were going to be. I accidentally hit my laptop keyboard and wiped it away immediately. I also cleaned any residue that was left on it. Can it break my laptop in anyway? Is there something I should do/be doing? Note I cleaned it off immediately.

TL;DR came on my laptop, should i be worried?

**I copied and pasted it to meet the character limit, sorry.**

~~TIFU when me and my gf were ""video chatting"" when my soldiers were way stronger than I thought they were going to be. I accidentally hit my laptop keyboard and wiped it away immediately. I also cleaned any residue that was left on it. Can it break my laptop in anyway? Is there something I should do/be doing? Note I cleaned it off immediately. TIFU when me and my gf were ""video chatting"" when my soldiers were way stronger than I thought they were going to be. I accidentally hit my laptop keyboard and wiped it away immediately. I also cleaned any residue that was left on it. Can it break my laptop in anyway? Is there something I should do/be doing? Note I cleaned it off immediately.~~

**~~I copied and pasted it (again) to meet the character limit sorry.~~**

~~TIFU when me and my gf were ""video chatting"" when my soldiers were way stronger than I thought they were going to be. I accidentally hit my laptop keyboard and wiped it away immediately. I also cleaned any residue that was left on it. Can it break my laptop in anyway? Is there something I should do/be doing? Note I cleaned it off im~~mediately"|throwaway69420seman|True|https://redd.it/ejlei9|0|0.25|0|13|1|tifu
ej77c9|2020-01-03 00:33:32|TIFU by telling a girl I liked her|"This story takes place like 4 years ago and did just think about it. (Sorry for bad spelling/grammar. English isn't my first laughed)

\-*Back story*\-. So in Sweden, most schools either go from 0 to 6 grade or from 7 to 9 grade. So when this story takes place I'm in 6 grade and its a couple of days before summer break begins. So it is my last couple of days with my class. The school I went to was cut off from the rest of the world. Like I'm talking about I didn't know anyone in my age that didn't go to my school and I don't think most of my friend's known anyone ether. A  consequence of this was that I didn't know anything about love or how to find a partner.

I can't remember why but me and my whole class was cycling home from something and I figured that I needed a girlfriend for some reason. I hade a crush on my x-best friend(we were still friends) but I didn't think she would say yes because she was out of my league. So I  cycled up to a random girl in my class and just asked her ""Do you want to be my girlfriend?"" (translated from Swedish). Keep in mind that I barely know her. Of course she sad no.

*-Story-* At the last day of school. This was the last day whit my old class we(my whole class) decided to play Truth or Dare. When we playing I whispered to one of my friends ""ask me if I have ever asked someone to be my girlfriend"" (I can't remember exactly what I sied but something like that) and next round when It was my friends turn to aks someone he chose me and asked me if I hade ever asked a girl to become my girlfriend. I sied Yes and then looked at the person I hade asked if she wanted to be my girlfriend and asked her ""Is it okay if I say ho it is"" IN FRONT OF EVERYBODY.  I think I did it for the attention.

But It gets better. After this, I found out that the girl I hade a crush on was going to ask me out on a date but because I hade asked the random girl she thought that I wasn't interested in her so she never asked me.

Then at my new school I got in the same Spanish class as the random girl I asked at first. So I met the random girl 3 times a week for 3 years. It was awkward.

TL;DR asked a random girl if she wanted to be my girlfriend SPOILER(she said no) then my crush found out and didn't ask me on a date. Then I spent 3 years with the random girl in the same class."|Timkon|False|https://redd.it/ej77c9|8|1.0|0|6|1|tifu
ej4lt9|2020-01-02 21:28:03|TIFU By putting my phone in my coat pocket.|"Let me start with this, my phone is a cheap straight talk phone (all together $60, still very expensive for me) and I had just ordered a case and screen protector a few days ago (hasn't arrived yet) and I usually don't drop my phone to begin with. Never shattered a screen.

Here we go, I had just dropped my sister off at practice and since I didn't want to go home (wastes a lot of gas) I decided to go to the library instead (usually go to the library since I can just chill out and wait). Here's where I made my first mistake, the library has 2 parking lots, one in the front and back. I always park in the front parking lot since I'm not a fan of the back parking lot but today there was only a few spots and I was worried I wouldn't be able to get my car out. So I parked in the back.

My second mistake, I usually put my phone in whatever I'm carrying (backpack, art supply bag, etc.) But today I put it in my coat pocket, my new coat with very very very shallow pockets (I knew they were shallow but I had just sorta forgotten at the time). I should have put it in my shorts pocket but my wallet was in one pocket and my water bottle was in the other so I just put it in my jacket pocket.

And my final mistake to top off the whole incident. There was a short set of stairs leading up to the door that is sorta going up and the going up and left, and when I took the sharp left turn my phone had flown out of my pocket onto the pavements and completely shattered the screen.

Thankfully the screen still works but I almost had a panic attack at the library and am now in the school parking lot for the next 30 minutes trying to stay calm.

TL;DR - A series of new doings causes my phone to try and fly into pavements, shattering the screen."|QuinTM|False|https://redd.it/ej4lt9|14|0.94|0|6|1|tifu
eirkmp|2020-01-02 02:05:07|TIFU by reading an erotic fanfiction to my 3 year old|"My son likes when I tell stories to him as he is falling asleep but I was feeling low on energy and creativity and he is obsessed with Frozen, so I looked up some fanfiction, and I THOUGHT I picked a long novel-style fanfiction based off the Frozen canon. For three naps/nights he has been blissfully dozing off as I read 3 long chapters about elaborate ball preparations, Elsa using her ice power to help Anna, and their silly dance lessons together. Was getting some inklings things were not totally normal due to the descriptions of meaningful glances and excessive jealousy of Elsa's potential suitors, but just figured the author was overly invested in their sisterly love. Then I read: ""Without warning, at Anna's touch, a shock ran through Elsa. All the way to her deepest part. Her flesh quivered."" Uh oh. I stopped, he was mostly asleep thankfully, and I read on, ""how long can I pretend to myself that these feelings for you are pure? Every time you touch me, I want you."" And THAT was the end of that bedtime routine. I am kind of invested in the story now though, hmm.

TL;DR: I accidentally read an Anna and Elsa incest fanfic to my toddler. He is none the wiser but now I kind of want to know how the story progresses."|borborygmiconvulsion|False|https://redd.it/eirkmp|482|0.93|0|43|1|tifu
ej2zqf|2020-01-02 19:37:05|TIFU by trying to impress the ladies with my beach volleyball skills on vacation.|"So there I was, playing a friendly game of beach volleyball with three cute girls on my team, only real problem was it was difficult to flirt with their entire family playing with us as well (their dad was on our side as well so I had to keep it tame) 

Now Evidently I ran into the most competitive family this side of the hemisphere so it turned into a very serious set of games. Ones where the cuties would get frustrated when their dad missed the ball or didn’t try too hard to get a solid hit. So of course trying to stay on their good side I’m making sure to do as well as I can.

This is where the FU took place.. the families dad hit the ball a little too hard In my direction, so much so that it would have ended up just out of bounds to the right of the net. I saw my opportunity to be the hero and save the set for our team, while Simultaneously wooing the lasses behind me. What I did not see was the big fuck off tree exactly in the path of the ball. Just before I slammed into my destination I had a split second to change my fate, but it was to late, I had too much inertia. My attempts to get out of the way just managed to focus all of the force of hitting the tree into my left big toe, which bent farther then it had any business bending.

It felt like a giant metal bat slammed into the middle of the toe. But I had to look cool, I finished the game, repressing my screams of pain. I thought I would be able to walk it off, walking back to the room and then to dinner and back only made things worse for the little guy.  My toe and surrounded area have ballooned in size, turned purple in colour and I haven’t been able to exit the room since finishing dinner yesterday. Now I’m sitting here waiting for our family trip to be over so I can recover at home.

TL;DR: tried to impress the ladies while playing beach volleyball, plot twist, Net was placed directly next to the devil tree that crushed my dreams. Which I proceeded to stub my big toe so hard on that I broke it, effectively ending my vacation early."|daft-sceptic|False|https://redd.it/ej2zqf|19|0.9|0|11|1|tifu
ejgqqp|2020-01-03 15:18:19|TIFU By sending a stock photo|"Alright so I love stock photos, and think that they’re hilarious and dumb. I make memes and send them to my friends. So here’s the story, I’m looking though my Instagram stories, and see one that says something like, “send us a pic of your cat!” And I sent a stock photo of a cat. I didn’t send just any cat though, I sent a snake cat. Literally a snake body with a cat head. I sent it and thought nothing of it. Then I get a ding. They messaged me. Then my dumbass replied, and of course they’re selling their product (they were super cute I do want one). BUT I DONT EVEN HAVE A CAT. It’s a matching cat bandana for you and you’re cat. AND THEY MADE A 40% OFF COUPON CODE AND WANTED TO SEND ME AN EXTRA GIFT TO BE AN AMBASSADOR. I don’t like to leave people on read, and just say “oh yeah I’ll buy one later this year!” And theyre like oh yeah HERE ARE MORE DISCOUNTS WITH YOUR INSTAGRAM NAME AS THE CODE. And now I want to buy it so I don’t disappoint them, and photoshop a cat with me.


TL;DR I sent a snake cat stock photo to a cat product Instagram, and end up having a discount code with my name, and I don’t own a cat and I’m broke god please help."|mintyymay|False|https://redd.it/ejgqqp|0|0.33|0|4|1|tifu
eiht41|2020-01-01 12:20:11|TIFU because I couldn't get it up|"EDIT: Holy shit this blew up. Just want to say thank you to everyone, for the laughs, supportive words and advice. If you want to know, >!we are going on a date and things seem to be looking up for me(ironic, given I couldn't get it up).!< Happy New Years everyone!


Throw away, mobile, blah blah blah...

This happened a few hours ago and I'm so upset. I didn't expect to get a date for new years, and then it be someone I've known for months that's very pretty. Also we are both 18, smoke weed sometimes, have jobs and go to college. Also she plays pc and switch and a book nerd, and hot.. 

So the story starts with a text from my best friend saying this girl likes me, and he gave her my number. We talked, but I was at work so i was busy. She said I should kiss someone for new years and dropped massive hints, so I flirted back. One thing led to another she agreed to go to this party as my date, and had all my friends and my best friend. 

So I rushed to finish work, cleaned myself up and met her at the party around 8. Honestly had a blast and now I have great moments I will keep till the day I'm dead.

We hit it off a little rough, but she still wanted that kiss after that timer. Honestly I didn't know what to expect, would we do it in front of friends, would it be a small cute peck or one long kiss? She ended up taking me outside and to the wall that no one was at, and we kissed for ~15 minutes, and god damn I haven't felt so happy in a while and my confidence was through the roof. We went back inside but(to put it bluntly), she wanted to fuck. I haven't had sex in months and I wanna do this.

So we got in my car, I'll spare you the little details, except for the most shitty thing that happened that night.

 I couldn't get it up.

 Never had the problem and I'm 18 so I'm not gonna blame some genetic problems, I straight up was so nervous(and it was cold af outside) my magic stick just couldn't get up. She was so sad, and I told her it wasnt because of her but she went into her car in tears.

I was so conflicted, ashamed and I felt like I was stripped of my manhood. My best friend went to talk to her, while another close friend came to me. It was obvious we fucked and I told him I upset her. Apparently she had previous sexual problems that haunted her, and at this point I wanted to ram my head into a wall.

Me and her got alone again. She said she would like to forget it all, forget it and not bring it up. I agreed, but confessed that I have feelings for her and would like to take her out to eat. She said she liked that.

TL;DR had a new years kiss, led to sex but couldn't get my dick up even if it meant life or death, upset her and now I feel like shit for making her feel like shit

P.S we texted a lil bit. She said sorry about the date, and if I'd ever want to go on another date just let her know. Damn right I'm not giving up, but this time zero sex."|isuckatsexandlife|True|https://redd.it/eiht41|16865|0.85|2|970|1|tifu
ej7d7p|2020-01-03 00:45:07|Tifu by eating peppers and mints|"This just happened yesterday, so this afternoon after work my roommates were all at my house there eating peppers I had some mints in the car and brought them inside with me. So when I go in there in the table spinning a wheel with peppers on and what it landed on that’s the one you had to eat. 


Not wanting to ruin the fun I join in and it was my turn first there was a selection of multiple peppers like Serrano, jalapeños, ghost peppers and the one lucky me got Carolina reaper. so they know I don’t really like peppers so they say you can just take a bite remember how I said I had mints a while ago. 


I had them on me so I take a bite feeling cocky felt good didn’t taste bad until I swallowed. It felt like fire ants were biting me on the inside it was a heat that my body never encountered before. In my panicked state of mind i popped a few mints in my mouth thinking it would help boy was I wrong let me tell you it did nothing but enhance the heat.


 I had to sit down it felt like there were hot coals in my mouth it was so bad I threw up a few times and it was not fun. And apparently my roommates thought I died because I just collapsed on the floor they rushed me to the hospital they said I was fine stayed there for a bit until I woke up then headed back. 


Tl;dr ate a Carolina reaper with mints roommates thought I was dead"|Just-That-Kid|False|https://redd.it/ej7d7p|6|1.0|0|6|1|tifu
ej29p5|2020-01-02 18:46:46|TIFU by telling 3 of my managers I have a cock stud.|"This happened about an hour ago. Some background. I work as a medical professional and I am on the second half of a 48 hour shift. The partner I am working with is also a manager but we have been friends since before then and still joke with each other.
Let's begin. We ran a few calls right away at the start of our shift and needed some supplies.  We were close to Headquarters and decided we should stop in really quick in order to grab what we need.  We walked into the office and there were two managers. One of them is an older manager who we'll call Jim. Jim likes to ask if I'm wearing my uniform shirt under my jacket. I always am he's never caught me with it off. The other manager we'll call Chad. Jim hands me the new updated rules to hang in our station so he doesn't have to stop by later. I start to look through them. He points out we have to be in full uniform from dawn until dusk and states ""No more visible piercings either."" I don't have any piercings but the following conversation ensued. 
The cast: Me=Me P= Partner J=Jim C=Chad
Me: So there's no visible piercings anymore? Not even earnings for the girls?
J: Not unless you want to be reprimanded
P: Its probably a safety things so it doesn't get in the way.
Me: Well my piercing isn't visible so it doesn't apply to me right?
C: What piercing
P: His bellybutton piercing duh.
Me: I was talking about my Cock stud
The room went completely silent for a second as I saw Chad's face get beet red. Jim wasn't too happy and exclaimed ""you need to get out of this office right now!"" My partner started busting up laughing.
I have no idea what caused me to say this. It was almost instinctive even though I don't have a single piercing on my body. 
TL;DR: I made a joke about the new policy at work by telling 3 managers I have a cock stud."|muffinstuntin|True|https://redd.it/ej29p5|16|0.79|0|4|1|tifu
ejo0xn|2020-01-03 23:49:03|TIFU by using an old man to fulfill my ultimate fantasy|" 

The wife and I have been experimenting with roleplay to reignite the passion in the bedroom. My greatest fantasy has always been to watch Bernie Sanders go to town on Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez until he fills her with his finely aged vintage baby batter, which I then suck out of her. Last weekend I got my wife (Latina) to do her eyebrows and hair like AOC, and hired an old man we met at McDonalds to roleplay as Bernie Sanders.

Needless to say, watching Bernie plow my wife made me harder than I've been since high school, and when I eagerly ate his man chowder out of my wife I made sure not to miss a single drop. However, I couldn't help but notice that the older gentleman was significantly more endowed than I am. Now my wife is asking for an open relationship because she has needs that I can't satisfy, and I noticed her looking up bulk Viagra packages online.

TL;DR: Bernie too hung, wife left me for him. Still voting for him this year though!"|bokchoi666|False|https://redd.it/ejo0xn|0|0.2|0|9|1|tifu
ej3z69|2020-01-02 20:44:47|TIFU by not asking a girl out|"Obligatory this happened a couple days ago on New Years eve. This may be a long one.

TL;DR: I fucked up not asking a girl who texted me ""I want you"" out and upset her then got blocked all due to a misunderstanding and me being a big fool.

Last January I started talking to this girl I met off reddit, and we clicked pretty well. We were both into each other and then we just stopped talking. We talked sporadically over a few weeks sometimes we wouldn't talk for a couple months. But every time we talked we just picked up where we left off. 

So fast forward a bit to Thanksgiving, and we started talking again. We both play video games and had each other added on our friends lists but never played together over the year. While we were talking she told me that shes been waiting for me to text her, and that shes into me. I told her how one of my other friends jokingly asked me to marry them. She responded by jokingly asking me to marry her. A day later, I asked her out and said i didn't want to skip the cute dates and things with her by just agreeing to marry her. It came off in a not serious sense. But I did mean it, and told her i was serious about asking her out. She never answered though. 

Now to the big fuck up. So December 30th I woke up to a text from her saying ""I want you."" Me being the genius I am told her I didn't know what to say, and then asked her if she anted to be more than friends. Obviously, I knew she wanted to be more than friends but i had been confused by the on and off again thing going on between us. She never responded to my text back. So i sent her another text once i was awake and the shock of receiving a text like that passed. I told her I was into her and wanted her too, but confused as to what we were since we sometimes just stop talking, and she doesn't text me back sometimes. I should mention that she didn't like to text and we mainly talked on snap. She was open about how unreliable she was at checking snap, and responding. 

After that i messaged her on the 31st to see if she would be open to playing some games finally. She was available anytime, so when i got home I let her know to make sure I was still on her friends list. We joined a party and started talking. She had just been to the dentist and her lip was numb which led to some funny misunderstandings and good laughs on both ends. We ended up looking up our reddit profiles and trying to find our initial messages to each other. I said that it took too long to scroll through all my messages, and she only had a few messages. After that she was asking if I was a hoe since I've messaged a bunch of people over the year. I was afraid to say that I just feel alone and isolated at times so I like making new friends. It also didn't help that I was a bit cryptic about why I messaged people, and said it was classified and that I didn't want to tell her. So she basically got the impression I was a hoe, and playing with her. We played games for a few hours and I thought it was going well. We were laughing and having fun, or so i thought. After a couple hours she just left the party and i texted her ""uh hello"" since i was not paying attention to the fact that she told me she was upset. I pretty much may have also said i kept coming back to her. What I meant by that was that we stop talking and then we start talking again later, not that I was coming back to her as a rebound when things didn't work out. So after she left she blocked me on snap, insta, and from her friends list. 

So here I sit starting my new year feeling like shit, and the biggest dumb ass all because I was too insecure to tell an important person in my life some of my insecurities for fear of her losing interest in me."|vulgar_penguins|False|https://redd.it/ej3z69|11|0.87|0|5|1|tifu
ej3c5f|2020-01-02 20:01:09|Tifu by thinking someone was trying to break into my house and almost losing our kitten|"So last night I went to lock the back door a bit before bed, sat back down to watch TV and heard a massive thumping at the door and it sounded like someone tried the door handle. Immediately went into prey mode, crouched down, snuck up the stairs to the back window and had to pep talk myself into looking out (I am a 5'4 woman who gets upset if I kill a spider, not a fighter *at all*). Didn't notice anyone out there, but I was still spooked so I spent the next hour creeping around the house updating my partner.

I wake up the next morning to my partner getting back from the night shift. He briefly mentions not seeing the kitten but I assume he's just snuggled up asleep somewhere. 5 mins later he returns saying he's not coming out to food, so I knew something was wrong. I flew downstairs, opened the door, stood calling him for ages. Went back in to get a coat, stepped outside and my poor little kitten was hiding between two bags full of garden waste, absolutely soaking, shivering and had the look of a pet that has been well and truly betrayed. I am beyond lucky he didn't run away or get eaten by a fox. 

I had to give him a warm bath, snuggle him and give him lots of treats.

Tl:Dr Thought someone was breaking in my house, was actually my young kitten I had accidentally locked outside trying to get back in. I am the worst pet owner today."|Derangedbuffalo|False|https://redd.it/ej3c5f|14|0.84|0|5|1|tifu
eisdky|2020-01-02 03:10:24|TIFU by trying to achieve multiple orgasms|"Made an alt account for this  


I had just got out of the gym. I was tired and ready to go home and sleep. The only thing keeping me from doing that was the need to get myself clean. So I was getting ready to shower when I remember, all day sitting on my phone was a tab on how to have multiple orgasms. I had already heard of edging and do kegel exercises from time to time. With the main key being the kegel muscle being contracted I thought I'd have an *edge* against any new comer, HA!  


The basic idea of multiple orgasms is to edge to right before you cum, as many times as you can then when you finally want to or can't hold it off anymore you squeeze your kegel muscles tight and try to keep the ejaculation from happening allowing you orgasm with no wait time as many times as you can hold the ejaculate. The other benefit being that the orgasm lasts longer.  


So there I was, in my parents newly renovated bathroom. The door doesn't block out noise very well so i usually turn the shower and fan on so no one hears lube sounds from the hallway. I get myself to the edge, then stop. The fifth time my penis is absolutely throbbing and the shower is starting to steam up the room a little. I'd been in there for a good half hour at this point and still hadn't showered. So i figure the next edge is *THE ONE.* I was a man on a mission, I had not had orgasm in 4 days. I was touching myself massaging and jerking, rocking my hips back and forth. I felt it was about to happen. I stop moving only jerking at this point. As the web page said I SQUEEZED my kegels as hard as i could as I had orgasm. It was the LOOONGEST orgasm I've ever had. I was rushed with absolute euphoria for a whole thirteen seconds.   


During the first 10 sec there was a drop of cum on the head. The last three seconds was where EVERYTHING went wrong. My kegels to give out for a split second but then hold as hard as possible right after due to the fact i was still trying to squeeze. MY ENTIRE LOAD shoots in one flex. Sometimes I'll hit the lid of the toilet but this time I had shot AALLLLL THE WAY UP to the jar (usually has a lid on) with q-tips which the family has access to and uses. USUALLY HAS A LID, I just came a GIANT load into the q tips and had to throw them all away. I did not see one q-tip unscathed.   


  
TL;DR: I tried to have multiple orgasms. I instead shot a huge load in the family q-tips."|whowhatwherewh--|True|https://redd.it/eisdky|256|0.88|0|52|1|tifu
ej82yn|2020-01-03 01:40:48|TIFU by lighting my face on fire|"You know this song by the Doors that goes like ""c'mon baby, light my fire""?

This actually happened sometime ago. Me and some friends had a small gathering at my house, both male and female all at the age of 22. You know, typical stuff. Video games, beers and chatting. 

One thing about me. I can be very competitive. I don't usually trash-talk but when the other one starts doing it, I cannot help but follow.

So me and this friend start trash-talking each other and I get up, I walk to the other side of the room an I put a boxing glove on. He immediately follows, puts the other one on and says something along the line of ""So what now?!""

""I'll show you what!"". This is where I went full 22-deadbrainer-male with no  second thoughts, proving why women tend to live longer than men. I saw a deodorant spray on the table and without even blinking, I grabbed it, sprayed it on the glove and I lit it on fire. 

The thing is that with little amount of deodorant, it went out almost immediately. But not fast enough so that my other friend that was coming out of the bathroom miss it. We look at each other and after ""careful"" consideration we decided that I was going to spray the deodorant on the glove, while he was going to be ready to light it up when I gave the signal. So we get ready while the other guy was still standing across the room.

Everything happened so fast. I spray the deodorant and I stopped for a fraction of the second and the other guy thinks that this is the signal so he lights the lighter from a distance. At the same instance, I spray again... 

The stream goes on fire and as I move it somehow it got to my face. I scream as I feel the heat and at the same time I bend over. Everyone asks my if I am okay and as I proceed to come back up all hell broke loose. An eruption of fire goes into the air while I am slapping my face to put it off, and I come to a success. 

Thankfully I got away with no burns on my face, just some burnt beard, eyebrow and hair. We all laughed about it after a while and I thought to myself that this was maybe a reason to not use a spray alongside fire in the future, and thinking twice before doing some things.

TL;DR : I put my face on fire while trying to light up a boxing glove using deodorant spray."|hotfreshman|False|https://redd.it/ej82yn|2|0.71|0|1|1|tifu
ejc6d3|2020-01-03 07:35:13|TIFU by grabbing my dog and tearing my nail open|"So this happened like 30 minutes ago and I'm writing this while I feel my pulse in my finger harder than my heart.

My dog likes to go down my bed at night for whatever reason and start scratching the carpet, which is really annoying when you're trying to sleep. And tonight she went down the bed even though I covered every inch below the bed.

Anyways I was trying to make her come to me but of course she wouldn't, so I tried to pet her so she would come closer and I guess she got mad because she tried to bite me. Usually when things don't go her way she starts throwing bites at everyone (we think it may have something to do with her previous owners). 

At this point I'm like ""Oh ok miss thing you wanna fight"" so I tried grabbing her and she bit me a few times in my hands and my finger. It hurt but I brushed it off since she's a small dog and her bites aren't really painful. 

So I finally grab her and put her in my bed when I feel a pulsing pain in my finger. I looked at it and saw my fucking nail teared open from the side and shaped like a hole from her teeth and bleeding shit.  I screamed in horror and cried like I hadn't in a while. Horror turned into pain, then shock, and fear of my nail never being her old self again. 

 I get rushed to the kitchen and get my nail dusted with some sulfate (I think) and made into the size of a corndog with band aids while bawling. 

Aaaannd that's the story of me getting my nail busted :)

TL;DR: Tried to get my dog out of my bed. Bit me, teared the side of my nail open and now I'm a bloddy mess."|queenofmilk|False|https://redd.it/ejc6d3|0|0.5|0|1|1|tifu
eiqnse|2020-01-02 00:51:23|TIFU by ripping open my penis|"**EDIT: IGNORE THE THUMBNAIL FOR NOW IT’S NOT MY PP, don’t get the wrong idea :P**

Okay so first of all i want to let you guys know that this was around 6 years ago, i can’t remember it that well because it was very traumatizing for me and i pretty much wanted to forget about it. Poor me was about 10 years old back then. I told this story to so many people and decided to share it with you guys, lay back and don’t grab popcorn because this is not a pleasant story to read while eating. Apologies if i made grammatical errors and if anything was unclear please ask :)

So it was just a normal day at elementary school. After a few hours of class we had recess. Me and a friend of mine decided to play on this climbing frame. It’s very hard for me to explain how it looked like so i drew it out for you guys in a childish way https://imgur.com/gallery/d3qU5IY just imagine 2 poles connected by a long bar and a half circle connected to each pole. 

I wanted to get on top of the climbing frame and decided to do it in the most stupid way ever. You could use those half circle shaped parts to climb on top of the pole, normally you climb the part from outside since that’s easier, but i wanted to do it from inside. So i started climbing and turned around, facing the pole. I was going to use that bar connecting the two poles to get on top of the climbing frame, to do that i had to swing to the pole and grab the bar. Sadly that didn’t go as smoothly as i expected.

I swung towards the pole and crashed into it, ouch! I got away from the climbing frame and noticed i had a lot of pain in my crotch. A teacher saw what happened and suggested i should go to the toilet and check if nothing happened. So i ran to the toilet, thinking that nothing big happened, probably just some pain in my balls or something i thought...

I pulled down my pants, then my underwear and guess what. 

There was a HUGE cut on my penis, i know what you’re thinking: probably just a small cut, nothing much. Nope, it was an oval-ish shaped cut and you could almost look inside my lil johnny, not that you could see a lot since it was full of blood. 

For a second i was quiet as hell, then started screaming as loud as possible. Luckily recess was over, and everyone was going inside. The whole building probably heard my scream. A teacher immediately got in and asked for permission to see the cut. I showed her the cut and her face turned white. She told me she’d call my parents immediately. Oh and btw a bunch of people were looking through the bathroom window, confused what the heck happened in the bathroom, awkward.

Anyway my parents came to my school ASAP (We live 5 minutes away from the school so it didn’t take that long) and took me to the hospital.

It gets worse.

Coincidentally i had to go to the toilet really badly. I was holding it in for ages while we were in line at the ER. 

Around 15 minutes later it was my turn, i got carried into a room and told the doctor i really need to go to a toilet. The doctor said i’ll have to pee in this bucket because they wanted to check on something (don’t remember what it was again) 

When i peed i felt this sharp pain in my crotch so i cried and screamed while i emptied my bladder. Red urine was coming out, it was horrible.

They paralyzed my bottom and started checking the wound after that this nurse stitched it up and it was all good. 

That evening i had the worst pain in my whole life. When i had to go the toilet it went completely wrong, my urine didn’t go through the hole of the bandage so it went right back. If i’m right, urine contains salt which means it wasn’t a pleasant experience for me to have urine IN MY WOUND. So i spent the night crying in me bed waiting for the pain to stop.

It didn’t end there.

A week later i had to go back to the hospital to get my wound checked, they had to see if everything went well and had to pull out the stitches. They found out that my foreskin is growing over my urethral opening. 

Which means OMG WHADDYA KNOW, another surgery. Great, you can probably imagine the look on my face. I did not like this, but it had to happen. I guess i was lucky that i injured my crotch otherwise i would’ve had serious issues.

And that my ladies and gentlemen, was my story about probably the worst time of my life.

TL;DR:

I ripped open my penis due to an accident, experienced the worst pain of my life, had it stitched, doctors found out my foreskin was growing over my urethral opening, had another surgery."|Soul_14|True|https://redd.it/eiqnse|290|0.86|1|48|1|tifu
ej0s66|2020-01-02 16:59:57|Tifu by wiping my ass with my university assignment.|"This actually happened today, about two hours ago. 

I'll start this off by saying that I have a VERY sensitive stomach. One drop of dairy and it's like an atomic bomb in my asshole. This is important to my story. 

This week I have been assigned a very important assignment that must be completed within the next two weeks. I missed my lesson today and had to have a friend deliver me the assignment in person. That may not seem like a big deal, but the lecturer gives each person a unique and individual assignment, it will not be uploaded online, and will only be given once. If you lose that paper, you're fucked. 

After my friend gave me the assignment, I carefully folded it up and put it in my bag so that I would remember it and not lose it. This afternoon we as a team had to go to a very far, remote area in order to conduct some research for our current task. Now when I say remote, I mean a huge fucking farm in the middle of absolutely bumfuck nowhere. All they have is a police station and gas station and that it. 

My dumbass thought hey, I really deserve a nice slab of chocolate right now, what's the worst that could happen. Maybe my asshole won't explode into the heat of a thousand suns.  But I was wrong, oh so so wrong. 

We all begun to make our separate ways, going home so I booked myself an uber. Right before good old papa uber came, I thought to myself, I feel a feely feel, something I shouldn't feel. The cramps got worse, the tooting began, and the evacuation process was about to begin. The chocolate bar in my stomach pushed the eject button. 

I ran as fast as I could, made it about 50 meters and I saw the police station. So I sprinted there before the squirting would begin. Bolted into a stall and off came the pants. I dropped my backpack on the floor and off I went. 

My asshole was on fire for a solid 3 minutes, the rumblings were now tumbling out at the speed of a bullet. And then at that moment, I remembered a monstrous thing. Something my father always taught me as a child. ""Make sure there's toilet paper before you use the bathroom"" and that was when it occurred to me, I saw the scariest thing ever. No. Toilet. Paper. 

My eyes feverishly scanned across the empty stall, looking for anything I could use to wipe my ass. But to my dismay there was nothing.... Not a single. I debated using my backpack, but the smell would never disappear. Then I opened my bag, and the light shone directly onto the piece of paper I had in there, the bag was otherwise empty.  

So I sat there, looking at my phone, noting that my uber had already arrived and would fine me if I was not out of that stall in 2 minutes. I grabbed that assignment, tore that sheet in half and used it in ways that a4 paper should not be used. Every letter on that sheet has been deeply embedded into my anal cavity, where no sun shall ever shine. It was the only thing that I could have used. 

Rip assignment. You will not be missed. 

Tl;dr had to shit and there was no toilet paper so I used my university assignment."|TheLegendOfEatingAss|True|https://redd.it/ej0s66|13|0.76|0|21|1|tifu
ej19zb|2020-01-02 17:35:20|TIFU destroying an entire trip for dozens of people and a couple's honeymoon|"please, forgive any mistake, english is not my primary language.

I had to build a lot of courage to post this. What I will write may and will seem like fiction, but it is not, this is the theme of every family reunion and a story that my wife tells every opportunity she finds.

about 9 years ago me (22) and my wife (21) went to  a paradisiac place, my wife decided that she wanted to go on a tour to the famous local corals, I have a strong ass motion sickness in boats, but to please her, who is a really sweet person, I went along.

 Soon after the boat moved 2cm from the coast I started to feel nauseated, so the crewman came and gave me the WORST tip of my life, he said that i should fix my gaze at the horizon, as soon as i looked  to the goddanmit horizon it disappeared in the first blow of the boat, so I, who was in the second floor of the boat,  started to vomit violently while descending the stairs, it felt like my mouth was a fireman's hose, only god knows in how many people I threw up, I also did a pool on the deck and when I finally got to the edge of the boat, a poor generous soul came to help me, so he touched my elbow and saw the shitshow i've created on myself and said, 'my god that's awful"", disgusted he started to vomit beside me, his fiancee came running to help her beloved and slipped into my puke pool and fell on her face on it, the poor thing began to vomit and cry, so we finally got to the corals, desperate I jump from the boat and prompt started drowning, the crewman jumped and saved me while all the fishs started attacking me because I was covered in vomit forcing me to return to the boat desperately. 

in the return trip all the people were far away from me while i was crouched in a fetal position with my wife petting my back.

 **TL;DR: i've done a puke party and destroyed an entire trip for dozens of people and a couple's honeymoon.**"|e_daniel777|False|https://redd.it/ej19zb|14|0.79|0|3|1|tifu
ej3dla|2020-01-02 20:03:52|TIFU by not updating drivers and freeing up space incorrectly|"This happened a little close to a year and a half ago, but it's something I still regret not realizing.

So, in August of 2018, I had a friend over who wanted to livestream a game with me. I set up the Xbox One, capture card, etc., but the footage wasn't showing up on OBS. I had initially used an HDMi splitter, as the capture card I had wouldn't work on the Xbox One without it, for some reason. I eventually began to think that this was an issue with my laptop, so I try to set up a system restore. The key word being ""try"", because I had unknowingly deleted system restore points prior to this event just to free up space on my 500GB laptop.

Needless to say, this sent the laptop into a perpetual reboot as there was nothing for it to restore to. I told another friend about this who's computer savvy, and he told me the only option was to wipe it completely with a new OS and whatnot, meaning I would lose any music, videos, recordings I had done for a project, and, most upsetting(and not realizing it at the time), my Miiverse archive that I for some reason never backed up to any of my external HDDs I had at that time.

So, I went through with it, and he came back the next day with the laptop as good as new. I recall even asking the makers of the capture card why it wouldn't do it, and they had said there was ""no possible reason why it wouldn't work with the Xbox One."" I eventually did some googling, and found out all I had to do was **update the drivers of the capture card.**

I felt like a friggin' dumbass and amazed myself with my pure inability to realize that external hardware needs their drivers to be updated, too. Still, I'm making sure this doesn't repeat itself, as it was a learning experience. Though, I dunno if I'll ever be over losing my Miiverse archive.

&#x200B;

tl;dr I tried to stream a game, thought my laptop was buggy, and put my laptop in a state of neverending reboots until a friend fixed it for me, losing everything that was still on the laptop. I had to update the drivers of the capture card to fix the issue, lost my Nintendo social media history."|crazyseandx|False|https://redd.it/ej3dla|6|0.88|0|1|1|tifu
ej25m2|2020-01-02 18:38:40|TIFU By Accidentally Texting My 60yo Mentor Instead Of My Crush|"A couple months ago, I met a young woman I developed a crush on. I know since I'm an adult it's such a childish term, but ""crush"" feels appropriate because while I want to date her she doesn't feel the same way and we live too far apart to meet up anyway. Regardless, I have her phone number, and every couple days or so we'll send each other a text or two.

Also a couple months ago I met up with a senior citizen who acted as my ""career mentor"" in my college's career development program, and I also have his phone number.

I am lazy about naming contacts or remembering phone numbers, and both these people appear as a green icon in my notifications whenever I get a text from them. Thus, whenever they contact me, all I see is a green circle and their number, which again I hadn't bothered to memorize.

Since it was the holidays, it made sense that me and my crush would get even closer, even as we lived far apart. On December 25 I'm just relaxing and I see that green icon saying ""Merry Christmas, aslfingerspell!"". I didn't think anything of texting ""her"" back, but even if I realized at the time that both my mentor and her have the same default notification icon, I would have dismissed it anyway since the career development program was completed and there was no reason for my mentor to text me.

I text back ""Salutations! Merry Christmas to you too!"". It was a bit of an in-joke me and my crush share: we both watch RWBY, and ""Salutations!"" is one of the character's catchphrases. I had hoped for her to acknowledge the joke and I worry that I missed my mark when ""her"" subsequent replies make no mention of it, but at least she probably understood ""salutations!"" as a reference to a thing we both like and not weirdness on my part.

And so the conversation develops. We start talking about how the holidays were, but towards the very end I fail to reply to them in a timely manner, and latter that night they text me ""I'll be around tomorrow..."". Ending on an ellipses is suggestive, and I interpret the last text to mean ""You didn't text me back in time, but that's okay. We can continue this later.""

A few days later, I get another message: ""oops. That second message was for someone else"". In hindsight this was foreshadowing, but I laugh it off and say that it's fine, and wish them a happy New Year's Eve. ""You too! Last semester before graduation!"", they write. Since I live far apart from my crush and we've only met in person once (the time we met for the first time) I had forgotten some details about her, such as what year she was in college. I text back ""Thanks, but mine or both of us? What year are you again?"" and they reply they graduated in the mid-80s.

It takes a second or two to connect the dots in my head, and once I go to my contacts list to see the last time I actually texted my crush was before Christmas, I begin to freak out. The entire holiday season, I've been happily texting someone else instead of my crush. This means that all my affection and attention (and at such a romantic time of the year too!) was going to an old man instead of the woman I loved! I felt not only embarrassed, but horrible: this means that my crush didn't get anything from me during the holidays!

I immediately work to correct the situation with both my mentor and my crush. All three of us saw it as amusing once explained, and my crush was too busy to care about getting something from me (this is good and bad, in a way) anyhow. I have now set about my New Year's Resolution of naming all my contacts, or at least the most significant ones.

TL;DR Between Christmas and New Year's, I texted my old career mentor, thinking he was the young woman I was in love with."|aslfingerspell|False|https://redd.it/ej25m2|9|0.85|0|4|1|tifu
eiozw6|2020-01-01 22:41:34|TIFU : By pinple popping by my mum|"Obligitory not today but last year.

(Sorry for poor format & grammer - using mobile)

So I was getting ready to go out with my friends and my mum was in the bathroom and since we only have one singular bathroom in our house I asked if I could use the mirror while she brushed her teeth so that I could do my hair since (im relativly tall) and I didn't feel like crouching to use any of the other ones in the house. Shes sid that it was fine so I continued in to do my hair when I knowtaced a a few spots on my face. 

SIDE NOTE: 

a) My mum is gentrally ok with watching pimples being popped and watches that sort of stuff online, so I kinda though like she wont mind.

b) pimple popping is sort of a habbit she encourages since she hates the little white spots on my face.

So I got to work popping the little ones while she watched and then I moved on to this really big one on my cheek. I took a while to start to pop and my mum sort of went back to brushing her teeth and looked up to witness a minor explosion from my face which resulted in two things.

1) My mum began to uncontrollably gag and barf in a horror response as to what just unfolded infront of her

2)and most importantly, I had a huge mark left on my face from this incident as a reminder which my mum still gags at when I even mention how I got that little scar.

TL;DR - I popped a kinda big spot on my face which reacted like a volcano that caused my mum to gag and throw up (and still does till this day upon mentioning it)."|Xyz_Pltuo|False|https://redd.it/eiozw6|326|0.91|0|32|1|tifu
eiym5u|2020-01-02 14:05:16|TIFU by not updating the weather app|"Small sfw TIFU that's currently happening.

For context, my country is experiencing pretty warm winter. I haven't even put on my warm winter sweater yet even though at this time I should be shoveling snow and blasting the heat.

Weather during the holiday break had strong early spring vibe. So this morning when I woke up in ray of sunshine and started getting ready for work, I wondered if I really had to wear my winter boots and scarf and all that jazz only for the ten minute walk to the office. So I checked the weather app on my phone and behold! Beautiful 7 degrees and sunshine! 

Naturally I put on my light spring boots, ditched the scarf and went for my beautiful crispy fresh morning walk. 
Everything outside was frozen. It /was/ freezing. For the first time this winter. And my dumb ass thought ""oh that's only early morning chills"" and later arrived to the office with frozen toes, hands, ass, ears, everything - still hoping it'd get warmer in a bit. Still trying maintain the good mood.

Fast forward few hours and here I am, sitting in the office, listening to everyone talk about how freezing it is and watching snow slowly falling from the sky, while wearing light definitely not waterproof boots and light sweater. I check the weather app - last update on 5th December.

I don't think it'll get warmer in next four hours. And for the first time in very long time I'm not looking forward to going home. 

TL;DR: checked old info on the weather app, now im very much underdressed for the weather."|Zima_96|False|https://redd.it/eiym5u|15|1.0|0|0|1|tifu
eizapf|2020-01-02 15:04:56|TIFU By Failing My Tooth Fairy Duties|"Four days ago my middle daughter lost a tooth. She came in to our room one morning excited about the fact that she'd pulled it out, ran back to her room, and put the tooth in a tiny chest that she stores them in for the tooth fairy's inevitable return.

Now, I have three daughters, the oldest of which is almost 13. Let me say that having done this sort of thing over more than a decade has made my wife and I a little more lax about things. My younger two daughters have basically gotten used to the fact that the tooth fairy typically takes a day or two to show up, and quite often only shows after repeated questions about it.

Well, this time around 3 days after the fact, the daughter in question approached me in the morning a little upset, and what proceeded was one of the most adorable, but indicting things I've experienced.

""Daddy,"" said my loving daughter.

""Yes, \[name redacted\],"" said her delinquent father.

""Do you think I lost an adult tooth,"" said one of the loves of my life.

""No, \[name redacted\], why would you think that,"" said this big jerk that she views somehow with complete, selfless love.

""Because the tooth fairy still hasn't brought me anything for my tooth and I know the tooth fairy doesn't come if you lose an adult tooth,"" said my slightly scared second child.

""Oh, no, I'm sure it'll happen, maybe the tooth fairy is just busy! Don't worry,"" said her forgetful father.

So, last night I remembered, and I'm sure all is well, but it was at one time the most adorable (her rationalizing the fact that something she expected hadn't happened yet) and indicting (me being forgetful and nearly convincing her that she had lost an adult tooth) things I've experienced as a father.

So, yeah, TIFU.

PS. The entire tooth fairy thing is stupid, but it's too late for me to fix that now.

TL;DR My middle daughter lost a tooth, I failed to deliver in a reasonable amount of time, and she then was scared she lost an adult tooth."|phrique|False|https://redd.it/eizapf|13|0.82|0|13|1|tifu
ej4rrl|2020-01-02 21:39:33|TIFU By forgetting my friends mother had passed|"This actually occurred sometime mid freshman year of high school (edit: I'm a sophomore now)
So one day I was doing my usual morning stuff. Walking to school, going straight to the band room talking with friends. The usual. My friend walks in and goes to his mutual friend group so I go and join him. Let's call him James. We are all chatting and he mentions something off of instagram and goes to show us and realizes his phone is not in his pocket, but at home. So, we start picking on him and one guy mentions having his dad's number to call and James takes him up on that. Here is the fuck up. I mention still having his mother's number from the Disney trip the year before. He goes from smiling and laughing to frowning and looking at me coldly. I'm still unaware of what I just did and am questioning what happened. A friend pulled me to the side and reminded me that his mother died a couple months prior and I just said, ""Oh shit"" and walked off. Another fuck up, I didn't apologize. So I'm judging myself all day and a couple other friends kinda cringed at my mistake.

TL:DR, I offered a friend to call his dead mother with my phone"|baconman43236|False|https://redd.it/ej4rrl|4|0.81|0|11|1|tifu
ej3i5h|2020-01-02 20:12:20|TIFU by not cleaning a lunch box container for over a week|"Obligatory on mobile and the actual FU itself did not happen today

I'm not the cleanest guy. I decided to clean my room today, though, because my parents are coming home from a trip and I'd like them to come home to a clean house. I actually got into it, deciding to take care of a few other chores and when I got to tidying up my own room I spotted my lunch box. I take a lunch box to school everyday. I put it up in the kitchen to wash the container inside daily or at the most within the next 2-3 days. However, I was too lazy to take it out over winter break. I saw it, didn't think it would get too nasty after only two weeks (yeah. I'm dumb, I know).

Once before, back in middle school, I left a lunch box in my locker in October, never opened my locker again until the very end of the school year in June because I never used it. That lunch box was absolutely decimated but since that happened over the course of a few months, I thought I was okay this time. But holy shit when I picked up that fucker I jumped when I saw what was inside. It was like a bunch of little balls, some forming in groups and some not inside of the plastic container. I closed it immediately, and thought, holy shit what should I do? I decided to rinse it out with bleach and then wash it. 

I got to the kitchen with the bleach all ready, and I opened the container after what felt like minutes of putting it off.  I opened it and the balls/mold were fucking GREEN. I threw the lid in the sink with no trouble, but there was a napkin inside of the container that I had to remove before putting that in. I nearly dropped it on my feet, but I got it in the trash can. Anyway, I rinsed that fucker good with some bleach before washing and rinsing it. I'm sitting in my kitchen typing this, still feeling pretty good about it. Although I know this is not near as nasty as almost drowning in shit, I feel like this is a much realer thing for a lot more of us. So please try to clean out your lunch boxes and containers as often as possible.

TL;DR - Left a lunchbox in my room with a plastic lunch container inside, didn't think mold would grow inside, but it did. Ended up cleaning it for probably one of the nastiest times of my life."|klknight|False|https://redd.it/ej3i5h|7|0.84|0|3|1|tifu
eiuh8a|2020-01-02 06:17:53|TIFU by trying to fight my best friend’s girlfriend and causing them to break up|"EDIT: a lot of people are commenting about how i need to get my impulse control issues straightened out. I have bipolar II disorder, and so impulse control is something that i’ve always struggled with and i’m still learning how to handle. i’m aware i messed up. that’s why i posted it on “today i fucked up”. having bipolar is not an excuse for my actions, frankly, there is no excuse for it, but it at least gives a little insight as to why i acted like that. also, i’m 19. i’m a kid, and i’m still figuring myself out. i don’t need everyone telling me to grow up. i spent the night crying and berating myself for the way i responded to the whole situation. everyone messes up, some worse than others, but we all learn from it and grow from it. 

I’d been in love with my bestie for two years. He got this new gf three months ago, and about three weeks ago, he finally said he’d thought about being with me and that he had feelings for me too. I’d barely seen him during the time that he’s been with her because she didn’t like me and so he was trying to make it work between them, even though she was absolutely awful for him. So i’ve been lonely and frustrated and angry with him because of this. 

Today, I had texted him ONE TIME to find out when he wanted to hang out because he promised he would. Apparently, she was with him, and she saw I texted and they got into a fight about it. So he called me and said we couldn’t be friends anymore because she wasn’t comfortable with it. 

This, of course, pissed me off beyond belief. 

He’s my neighbor, and they were at his house, so I immediately hopped outta bed, got my shoes on, and started marching over to his place. They got in his car and left literally as I was on my way over. I watched them drive off. 

Me being crazy hormonal rn and already having insane impulse issues, coupled with the months of pent up rage, I flipped out. I texted her and said a lot of things I shouldn’t have said. And because of that, she broke up with him. And then he screamed at me until he lost his voice. 

So now I don’t have my best friend anymore. I was working on helping him leave her and hoping that eventually he and i could be together because he said he had feelings for me. But all that’s gone now. 

TL;DR: TIFU when after my best friend of two years -whom i’ve been in love with the whole time- called you tell me we couldn’t be friends anymore because his gf of three months wasn’t comfortable with our friendship, I started flipping out over text at his gf and she broke up with him because of it. And now he hates me. So i lost my bestie because I have impulse control issues."|andrayaltn|False|https://redd.it/eiuh8a|58|0.84|0|45|1|tifu
eitt7c|2020-01-02 05:15:04|TIFU by letting my boyfriend finger me|"Obligatory this didn't happen today but a few years ago. Also, it's graphic and NSFW so read at your own will. 

My boyfriend and I were a bit younger and still had to do some sneaking around, so we did a lot of backseat-of-our-car shenanigans. We basically lived together at school, but were on our winter break and back home for a bit. Anyways, we're going at it, and my boyfriend's finger-banging me at an unfathomable speed. Next thing you know, his hand slips on the way back in and he basically tears me a new one. And I mean he literally tore about 3 layers of internal issue OFF. I had so much adrenaline I didn't realize how bad it was, and wanted to keep going. He tells me we should check first because it seemed like he really hurt me. We turn a light on and look down, and I kid you not, it looks like an abortion was performed in the backseat of my car. There is blood and flesh all over the seat and myself. There was a lot of panic too, contemplating if we should go to the hospital, but not wanting to have to explain to our parents why or how it happened. Fast forward to the next morning and I'm barely walking. I am throbbing and have to walk with my legs pretty far apart to avoid any rubbing. Here comes the first pee since the accident. Ladies (and gents) who know how awful UTIs are.. Triple the pain of your worst UTI. We get back to school and I spent the entire week moved into his dorm room so he could care for me. He had to accompany me every time I peed to hold my hand while I screamed and cried. Peeing was about a 10 minute ordeal. I even became sick from the injury - nausea and fever for about a week while my body fought off whatever nightmare happened to my vagina. We've been together for 5 years, and finger-fun has only recently been re-introduced.

TLDR: my boyfriend removed some of my insides when finger-banging me too hard."|chrettywap|True|https://redd.it/eitt7c|70|0.86|0|13|1|tifu
eix21u|2020-01-02 11:20:40|TIFU by leaving my sex toy unguarded|"My sister and I live the same roof and share bed (in my country this is normal and it saves us money by sharing bills). We don't work together. Our schedule are somewhat opposite, she works nightshift so I have the whole bed to myself at night and when I work dayshift, she has the bed all to herself to sleep at daylight.

So I got bored last night after watching some few episodes on Netflix because I am nearing the end season so I don't feel like rushing on ending the current season. 

I was not horny but bored so I took out my 8 inch pink dildo and started using it that night, satisfied, I cleaned my mess and the toy and stuffed it under my pillow intending on using it at a later time. I watched some video on youtube relating about universe and galaxies and fell asleep.

So I woke up and prepared for work. When I was at work and reading my emails, I thought about something was off but I shrugged it off.

During my lunch, I was reading some fanfic stories that mixed with slight smut and I was so down with it and then there's the mention of sextoy...

*CLICK*

My eyes went wide. I just realised that I left my dildo underneath my pillow for my sister to see my unguarded sextoy. 

I am mortified. I was so afraid about her finding out my dirty little secret. I couldn't face her anymore. I am no longer the little sister she sees as innocent. I texted her warning her about it and she texted back ""Yeah lol""

I was expecting a reply berating me but she's cool with it. I haven't gotten home yet. She texted me that it's her day off and made some kimchi rice.

TL;DR - My sister and I share bed, used my sextoy lastnight and after using it, I cleaned it and stuffed it under my pillow and forgot to fucking hide it my secret drawer, I immediately notifed my sister warning her about it."|RickedSab|True|https://redd.it/eix21u|20|0.71|0|10|1|tifu
eixk75|2020-01-02 12:18:50|TIFU by sexting my two best friends|"
Obligatory this actually happened today. 

We (3 guys 20m) were hanging out with a mutual friend (20f) at her house. We’re all friends from high school, and we’re home from college on winter break. There was some light and mutual sexual banter between myself and our female friend that I read as being only a little bit sarcastic and therefore actually indicative of legitimate mutual attraction. This banter involved some suggestive comments about a few (SFW) photos of me from when we were 16. At the end of the night, we all said we were going to leave and started to pack our things, but I had to rush home to meet someone so I ran out as my friends were finishing packing up. 

About 30 minutes later, I receive the aforementioned photos via texts from my female friend. I respond that  I’m “actually down” and that it’s “kind of annoying I had to leave today” to which she replies “I really wish you stayed :(.” We proceed to sext back and forth, the most graphic messages on my part being “I know what you want, and I’ll give it to you when we’re both in town” and, after imploring her to fly to my college dorm, “I will literally own you after that night.” After about an hour of this (1.5 hours since I left her house), the messages from her stop. 

At 2 am, she texts me that everything was written by my two friends who apparently stayed much longer than they I had thought they would, and that all she wants is to “keep the door open.” Not sure if that’s much of a consolation, but at least it wasn’t an outright rejection, I guess. The boys are all hanging out tomorrow and I can’t come, so I’m expecting to be exposed pretty hard then. I think my best move may be to expose myself in a funny way first in our big group chat to show that despite being completely fooled, at least I can laugh about it!! 

TL;DR: My two best friends used a female sexual interest of mine’s phone to sext me,  and I fell for it. Currently waiting to be exposed :("|saintsfanatic123|False|https://redd.it/eixk75|19|0.77|0|12|1|tifu
eiyb9b|2020-01-02 13:36:37|TIFU by letting a bunch of sparklers blow up in my hand on New Years while my GF recorded it|"Obligatory not today but actually the first few minutes of 2020, night was going awesome , was with my girlfriend and her mom. We threw a little party ate steak watched the muppets. Pretty gnarly. But a few minuets after the ball dropped we went to celebrate and take pictures with some sparklers. Pictures went well. Celebration achieved , when my dumbass thought it’d be a good idea to hold like 8 of them and set them off at once. And that would’ve been fine , but they weren’t staying together at the end so for some reason I thought I’d hold them from the middle area, they tried to warn me , you can hear it in the video but my dumbass was determined I guess. Much to my surprise they all ducking erupted at once. I was flabbergasted, I thought they’d burn slowly like all sparklers but they ignited in a pink ball of beautiful flame and fucked my hand. I went inside to rinse it with cold water and what ensued was a horrific pain, my fingers are all calloused and I can’t even bend them, I went to the ER today and had to share my painful and embarrassing story , they all found the amusement in it but told me i should be fine in about a week or so. But man does it hurt like hell. This is a great start to my year

TL;DR thought it’d be cool/ fun ? To hold 8 sparklers, they erupted hella fast and I got the big ouch. Video evidence shows my stupidity unfold 

Edit: NSFW cuz it might look kinda gross to some people 


Video evidence of my under developed brain:  https://imgur.com/a/qXN1IuJ"|Santos_J|True|https://redd.it/eiyb9b|15|0.69|0|4|1|tifu
ej2j8x|2020-01-02 19:05:30|TIFU by rearranging my room|"Obligatory this happened last night. I'm still shaking a little.

So, I have been using the same bunk bed for years, from way back when I was in high school and my brother had to share the bedroom with me; we lived in a tiny parsonage without enough room for separate beds.

Even though it's been years and absolutely no one ever sleeps in the bottom bunk anymore, I have kept it around out of procrastination. Moving bunk beds is hard. But, I have no room in my current bedroom and it was driving me crazy. That, and the bottom bunk mattress was starting to fall apart. It was getting gross.

So, I did a big thing this week and made myself clean up the place. I overhauled everything, threw away anything I didn't need, and got my dad to help remove the bottom bunk and its frame. Out the rotten mattress went, in came a nice cubby shelf and the vanity that had been essentially sitting in the middle of the room until now. It looks like a college dorm arrangement, with the newly open space under the top bunk. A big improvement.

However, I am instinctively used to the vanity's old placement, and to using the bottom bunk to get down. If I have to go in the middle of the night, I tap a foot against the vanity to check distance, then slide my feet to the bottom bunk and hop down. In the vanity's old place, though, is a little nightstand and lamp that fit much better, but are much more wobbly.

You can see where this is going. I had to pee, I tested distance with my foot and found the lamp instead of the vanity, and forgot to check my weight. Down the nightstand goes, along with the lamp and my entire body. It's scary to suddenly be falling where you expected to step.

My stomach hit the lamp and gave me a huge, red bruise that looks like a mutant rash as it blooms across my skin. My foot hit *something* and before I knew it, I was on the ground with a slice down my toe. 

My lamp didn't break, somehow, thankfully. But my foot is still oozing a bit, even with Neosporin and a bandage. It's not quite big enough for a doctor's visit, but needless to say, last night was very unfun and it took me a long time to get to sleep after that. I need to get myself a ladder or something now that my old ""steps"" are gone.

TL;DR I removed my lower bunk for more room space and went careening off the top bunk rather painfully."|Fairyhaven13|False|https://redd.it/ej2j8x|4|0.84|0|2|1|tifu
ej4sm0|2020-01-02 21:41:06|TIFU by breaking our bedroom door|"This happened today which is always fun. I'm also on mobile, sorry for any formatting errors. TL;DR at the end.

I have pretty bad PTSD, and with that in mind I don't sleep well. Also on top of that, I am an extremely light sleeper. Last night was no exception. Other than being woken up from a bad nightmare, which shook me some. Needless to say, I was really tired and in a funk this morning. 

After my partner went to work, I decided to nap. Usually when I nap, I sleep on the couch. Today, I decided to sleep in our bedroom. Which is the beginning of my fuck up. My partner also decided today he needed something from the house. I wasn't expecting him, and when our front door opened, I panicked. Usually, I'm wide awake in an instant, but since it was mid morning (when I sleep the best) he caught me mid rem cycle. 

I jumped from our bed in a panic. I am unsure how I got from the bed to the floor. According to my partner, it looked like I fell from the ceiling. Anyway, next thing I know I'm skidding full force into our bedroom door. Slammed both knees (which are already bruising haha) and arm into the door. I broke the bottom hinge in this process. Anyway, please laugh with me at my dumbassness. Thank you for reading! 

TL;DR I was napping, partner triggered my PTSD. In my panic state, I slid into our bedroom door breaking said door."|SerenityFate|False|https://redd.it/ej4sm0|3|1.0|0|7|1|tifu
ejgf5c|2020-01-03 14:54:19|TIFU by accidently flashing the children at the primary school|"It was 10am in the morning, and I decided to go for a morning stroll. I sleep naked so I grabbed a bath robe and chucked it on. I like to go for walks past the primary school because it's a scenic route, and at the time of the walk it was recess for the kids. So anyway I am walking past the wire fence of the school, and directly behind it is the basketball court with at least 50 kids on it.

And my robe just fell off. And because it was cold I faced towards the basketball courts because then the wind would hit my back instead of my dick and started just flopping it around. Everyone was watching at this point and I need to leave otherwise something bad might happen so I pick up my robe and run off back home.

This is probably my biggest fuckup ever and believe me, it won't be the last of it's kind unfortuantely

&#x200B;

TL:DR was walking past a primary school and my robe fell off and I was naked underneath and flopped my willy around in front of the kids to warm it up so it wouldn't be cold"|insane_playzYT|False|https://redd.it/ejgf5c|0|0.23|0|12|1|tifu
ej3764|2020-01-02 19:51:28|TIFU by drinking a beer half full...|" 

So this happened Monday night (12/30/19). Leading up to New Years Eve.

Let me give you guys some background.

So this past weekend, I had some family visit my partner and I from south Mississippi for the Holidays. We live in North Georgia just FYI. My family stayed from Saturday to Monday morning. So I (27M) and my husband (21M) go to our local town to pick up booze, games, and food for the last night they were staying in town, Sunday. We picked up 2 cases of michelob ultra, the aluminium bottle ones with the twist caps, this info is key.

I know, I'm a cradle robber, lets move on.

My family which consists of my step-mom, dad and 12 yo little brother. I had also invited my sister and her husband, my brother in-law to join the gathering. Now my step-mom can put down some alcohol along with my brother-in-law.

Story finally begins:

So Sunday night, My husband and I knew they planned on leaving early Monday morning so with everything in place. We all gathered to have some drinks, play Phase 10. Some other games called scatter-gories?? Or something like that. Of course we had to throw some pong in there. Well around 8pm I started getting a little buzz. Now I'm a smoker, I know its bad, fuck it. My step-mom and dad is as well but my brother-in-law is a social smoker. He mainly dips that famous grizzly winter green long cut crap. So with the alcohol following through our livers and every small break, we had a cigarette break. around 11pm I started getting sleepy and took my half drank of good ole Mic Ultra and placed it in the side drawer of the refrigerator. Afterwards, I hugged my family and wished them safe travels for the following morning. It was really a fun night and I hate they had to leave only visiting so shortly. Nothing crazy really happens.

I wake up Monday morning to my family has already left, brother-in-law and my sister are gone. House isn't to messy or dirty but not to my standards no less. I wake my husband up and just asked him to straighten up while I am at work, I'm sweeping meanwhile asking her this. There was just some leaves on the floor and some beer cans that needed to be thrown away. I drive 3 minutes to get to work. I work a 9 to 5 and in a small town no less. So at 5pm I get off work and head to the store, pick up some smokes and arrive home to let my pooch out and to smoke a cig. Now the house looked great by this time. My hubby had left for work around 1:30pm and I was happy by his means. Normally he can be a little clueless and don't give things much thought. With that said, he comes the FU... After my smoke, my husband calls me while hes doing trash for the business he works for. So I grab my galaxy ear buds and chat with him while just shuffling through the house. I open up the fridge and see a beer on the shelf. Excited I grabbed it and figured it was mine from the night prior. I unscrewed the cap and took a big gulp. After the first swallow, my eyes grew large and wide. I ran to the kitchen sink and spit and vomited all in the sink. It was my brother-in-laws dip spit bottle he had used most of the night before. I blew chunks of pieces of long cut grizzly along with his luggies and mine now combined. My husband asked if I was okay and all I could say was....

Me: Babe, that beer on the coffee table, did..did you put that in the fridge..?

Hubby: ummm, Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, whyyyyyyyyyyy whats wrong?

Me: IT WAS FUCKING MATTS DIP SPIT!!! #@\^#\^%$\^&%$\^&%\*&\^(u)\_gfyr$%%&\^\^&\*()&

Hubby: (hardcore laughing with spurts of ""OMG IM SO SORRY!"" hahahahahaha

I hung up on his ass and ran straight to the restroom and brushed my teeth twice and vomiting even more because I gag when I clean my tongue. So there you have it reddit.

FU shit happens only during the holidays and guys, you may wanna start sniffing those beers for now on. Only the ones that have been open.

Sorry for grammatical errors, this is like my 3rd or 4th post. Just thought Id share my story!

TL ; DR  I drank dip spit and now snif every opened beer for now on"|grodyy|False|https://redd.it/ej3764|4|0.67|0|13|1|tifu
ej2nuf|2020-01-02 19:13:55|TIFU by getting blackout drunk for the first time at my sister in-laws|"What I remember:

We played some games last night and most were drinking. So did I. When I have too much I typically spend hours at the toilet, so I try to be careful about how I feel and how much I have. Games ended and my wife and I went to bed. I was a little drunk, but that’s about wha I was aiming for.  It was a great evening. 

I fell asleep. I wake up this morning and feel super rested. No hang over.  Weird thing though, I can’t find my phone. I think about last night. I remember throwing up in the toilet and laying on the bathroom floor for a minute. I also remember my wife bringing me a towel. She’s really sweet. I find my tablet and text my wife to let her know I can’t find my phone, but that I’m going to take a shower for obvious reasons. She comes up to see me before I do. 

What actually happened:

We went to bed about 11. I wake up at one, get tangled up in my phone cord trying to get off the bed. We assume I was attempting to reach the bathroom. But I was tangled so I just threw up on the bed. I promptly laid back down with slight moans and intent to fall back asleep. My wife spoke sternly enough to motivate me to get into the bathroom. I throw up in there (not sure how many times) and eventually fall asleep on the floor. In the meantime, my wife puts all the sheets in the wash (thank goodness for the kid mattress protector or the mattress would have been fucked). New bedding gets put on the bed and she eventually tells me to come back to bed. 

My wife can’t sleep because she hears someone knocking on something outside. I’m out cold, so I don’t notice a thing. After about an hour the knocking stops. So does the wash. Then it clicks. In her haste to get the bed clean she scooped up everything, including my phone. She kind of apologizes in the morning, but also doesn’t want to take responsibility. I tell her it’s 100% my fault and she has nothing to apologize for.  Phone is now sitting in a bag of rice. I doubt it will come back to life, but we don’t go home for a few days and I have nothing better to do than try and let it dry out. 

TL;DR: got blackout drunk only after having been asleep for a couple hours. Threw up on the bed. My wife cleaned things up while I was in the bathroom, inadvertently putting my phone in the wash. Phone is sitting in rice, most likely dead for good. I feel like an idiot for getting so drunk at my sister-in-law’s place. Also, my wife is a saint."|Silent--Soliloquy|False|https://redd.it/ej2nuf|4|0.83|0|4|1|tifu
ej8wni|2020-01-03 02:44:38|TIFU by accidentally supporting pedophiles|"
Ok so this is my first story-like post on reddit and it may not be as bad as some other stories on here but it’s still eating at me. I will forever hate myself for this. 

It started last night, I was on Snapchat looking at peoples stories and on one story there was a picture that said something along the lines of I support the LGBTP community then it gave a list of different names. (For example Gay, Trans, etc.) I, being a really dumb (as you’ll see later) 14 year old bisexual, I was like “cool I’ll screenshot it and put it on my story.” Though I was confused about the P because I knew it wasn’t normally in the acronym, I read on the picture that it stood for Pedosexual and a thing about how it should be included.  I didn’t know what it was but shrugged it off as being a new sexuality or something I haven’t heard of yet. 
So I post it on my story and go to bed, unaware of how dumb my mistakes was.

Next morning I have two notifications from Snapchat.  One from my best friend, we will call her Amanda, and another from someone I’m kind of friends with but not close to from the LGBT club. The text from my friend said “this is a joke right?” Talking about that post and I was confused so I just told them who I got the image from (the person who posted it was a friend of both of ours and I learned by Amanda it was posted as a joke). I then go to the second text. It was her saying that pedophiles aren’t a part of the LGBT community. Yeah, so I effed up. Turns out Pedosexual means pedophiles. I didn’t know that was what pedosexual meant and following what Amanda had told me, I just told her I did it as a joke because I was too embarrassed to admit I just didn’t know what it meant and didn’t understand. That was a terrible mistake however with her response being “its not a very good joke.” 

So far I haven’t replied and I’m terrified to, on Monday we have LGBT club and I don’t know if I can face her. I guess that’s all and though she will probably never see this, I’m so sorry I was too dumb to realize I was supporting pedophiles. 

Though some people may argue it wasn’t my fault (at least not entirely) I think it was because I was ignorant, posting something I didn’t understand for everyone to see. Just because it was an accident doesn’t mean it wasn’t my fault and I should be more careful, maybe research things better in the future and not just trust that it’s a positive thing. Just because I see a rainbow and the words LGBT doesn’t mean the post isn’t a joke or is friendly and I know that now. Thank you.

TL;DR 
I unintentionally posted a picture on my Snapchat story that supported pedophiles and left a friend on read after realizing my mistake. I’m so sorry."|silentwolf_lily|False|https://redd.it/ej8wni|1|0.54|0|5|1|tifu
ejguor|2020-01-03 15:26:28|TIFU by going back to sleep after initially waking up|"I sleep pretty good and consistently. Well most of the time. Today I woke up when my fiancée couldn’t find the dog leash. We have a pretty consistent routine on taking the dog out as she had a medical problem and require routine. I told her that I didn’t know and after a while she realised it was on her all a long and was just hiding behind her hair. We both had a good laugh and after she had taken the dog out we kissed and said we loved each other as we do each morning before she goes to work. As my position in life allows me to have my own routine I decided to go back to sleep for a little while. I stick two earplugs into my ear and out the rest in a bag on the night stand. I put on a YouTube video about philosophy and lay down waiting to drift of into dream land. After a while I notice a few earplugs on the bed. Ecstatic I had a few extra earplugs laying around in the bed I thought to myself “This is great what a great find! I’ll now have more for later!” while chanting our loud “I found I found” as The Ashlad does. I put them on the night stand and go to sleep. I had a good rest for a few hours and woke up. I instantly feel something is wrong. It’s very soft and moist. I imagine if I was a character in a book the description of the scene would be something along this “He went back to sleep peacefully. Little did he know there was a pack of earplugs softly and hardly trying to penetrate his asshole while he was safe in his own bed”

Yes, I woke up with soggy moist horny earplugs trying to penetrate my asshole. To be fair it wasn’t that bad. But it surely wasn’t comfortable. My butthole smells great and that wasn’t the main problem. I had asked my fiancée to turn off the heat before she went to work and I believe that if it wasn’t that hot in the apartment the earplugs and my asshole wouldn’t have been so heated. Actually I shouldn’t blame the heat. I’m sure it was a fun time for both the earplugs and my asshole. Yes to give you a pretty descriptive image there was a few that had managed to halfway penetrate into my asshole. Don’t ask me how as I do not know either. I guess the fuck up here is that I have to buy another pack of ear plugs. Since we both came out stronger in this. My fiancée is laughing hard now apparently at work and I believe I made her day better as I apparently do every day with just being myself. Safe to say I will not be using the earplugs again even though I enjoyed this new experience in my life.

TLDR: fell asleep thinking all the earplugs was on the nightstand. Woke up with earplugs inside ass."|MariusIchigo|True|https://redd.it/ejguor|0|0.28|0|12|1|tifu
ej4nyu|2020-01-02 21:32:16|TIFU by saying white people couldn’t be Mexican|"Today I f*cked up by saying white people couldn’t be Mexican

This actually happened about a month ago. I was hanging out in my drama room when I heard a group of people giggling, I recognized half the group has being friends so I headed over. This really pale guy was doing this amazing Mexican accent, and I said something like “what’s X doing?”. Then this one girl said “No! This isn’t X, this is Domingo!” And everyone started laughing. Then I said “He can’t be Domingo, he is too white!” And everyone was dying at this point, except for one girl. You see, I liked this girl for some time, the only problem is that her last name is Rodriguez! (Changed of course, but still very close.) And this girl is super white, and I could see her tensing up. So I made up an excuse and got out of there as fast as possible.
TLDR: I said someone couldn’t be Mexican if they were white, in front of my crush who is white and Mexican. And now I have no chances."|LonelyGinger162|False|https://redd.it/ej4nyu|2|0.67|0|6|1|tifu
eiwb2a|2020-01-02 09:49:27|TIFU by almost killing my son.|"On mobile so weird format.. 

So this literally just happened, I was giving my 2 month old son liquid Panadol with the stupid syringe that comes with the pack. A syringe that projectiles the liquid at high velocity apparently! And you can't do it slowly either so I almost killed him by shooting liquid at high velocity straight down his throat. I thought I'd fucked up worse than I did because he thankfully doesn't seem to have any liquid in his lungs but I won't be sleeping tonight just in case !! 
I cried my heart out while desperately trying to whack him on the back to clear his everything, he's vomited and has the hiccups. I was ready to race him to the hospital. 

 I only realised how dangerous the liquid shoots out while cleaning the syringe which I've now thrown out to prevent this from happening again.

TL:DR nearly killed my son with liquid Panadol.

EDIT: wasn't aiming down his throat, we combined our timing to make that happen, he turned into it as I moved it slightly to try and depress it slowly."|tinkykerplinky|True|https://redd.it/eiwb2a|17|0.81|0|11|1|tifu
eixvus|2020-01-02 12:53:38|TIFU Going to work after New Year|"So me being me... I thought I was going to start work today. Me being smart I decided to skip sleeping to get up to work. Cuz my sleep-pattern is f\*cked. Go to work at 5am this morning. Got to work around 5:40am. Nobuddy there, okey that's not odd, I'm early asf... (normally at work around 7am). Unlock the building and turn off the alarm. Changed my working-clothes and went to my desk. Started the computer and saw the emails from coworkers ""merry xmas"" ""happy new year"". Well nothing odd there it's normal. Decided to eat my breakfast. After like 1 hour i started thinking where the f are people, nvm I'm still early. Then I thought to my self to check the holiday list in the breakroom. 

Long and behold I'm still on holiday. ffs... so I started to change to normal clothes and take all my sh*t and leave. Luckily still just me at work. So I left and got in my car and drove home. Well atleast I don't have to work. Sadly not much sleep today...

TL;DR Went to work 5 days to early, drove 60 km and wasted a good nights sleep. Just cuz I don't know how much time of I have."|mr-juuaan|False|https://redd.it/eixvus|8|0.79|0|4|1|tifu
eiu1rb|2020-01-02 05:36:48|TIFU by throwing up during family dinner|"TIFU by throwing up during family dinner

I was in my parents’ house with other relatives, having a family gathering/party.

The day did not start out great, I messed up some phone wiring so my mom was not able to call her oversea friends. I made a whole post about that in another subreddit. 

Anyway, today I found out that my dad picked up a new favorite song, which is “you raise me up” by Josh Groban, My dad used to be an amateur singer so he has that operaish style, which is a bit corny but not terrible. 

The problem was, he only knew one line from the song “you raise me up so i can stand on mountains”, and never bothered to learn the rest. Every 10-15 min, you will hear him sing that one line as he walk or sit around the house. You will be watching a game and suddenly out of nowhere in the next room, you will hear “you raise me up so i can stand on mountains” and that’s it, just that one line. You could make a drinking game out of it and by the end you would end up suffering from alcohol poisoning with how frequent he sings that one line. 

 I initially didn’t mind it, and I don’t think he was trying to irritate people, but after the 50th time, I found it to be insufferable, but didn’t want to point it out directly since it is really him having fun on the New Year’s Day.  As the time passed, I found myself react to it, almost unconsciously. Ever time I hear that line, I would mumble something like “Christ”, or “Hell”, much to the amusement of others around.

Finally, during the big dinner, my dad was trying to go get some more food I think. As he standing up and walking toward the kitchen, “you raise me up so i can stand on mountains.......”. At that moment, I think I tried not to say anything auditable around everyone, so I hastily trying to turn it into a cough. However, at the same time, I think I got a hiccup of sort, so basically I am trying to cough while having a hiccup going upward at the same time, and I realized I underestimated how much food were stuck in my throat. So, I vomited......food came right out of my mouth and nose......ruined a number of dishes on the table.

My family was petrified, and I had to run to the bathroom, and you can guess the rest.

In conclusion, a pretty weird day, especially for the first day of the new decade.

TL;DR. I threw up during family dinner because I heard my dad sing."|SpecificConcern|False|https://redd.it/eiu1rb|29|0.93|0|4|1|tifu
ej65lq|2020-01-02 23:17:04|TIFU by almost getting into an accident|"I received my permit over the summer and just recently started driving due to family shit happening and parents having work. So anyways, earlier today, I was on a freeway when the car in front of me suddenly swerved to the left and here’s where my fuck up happened. Normally, you would have a 2 second following distance from the car in front of you but since it was raining outside, I probably should’ve gotten at least 3 or 4. After the car in front of me swerved, I saw a blowout tire about in front of me after my dad yelled it out to me. I didn’t have much time left to react so I slammed on the brakes and swerved to the left like the car in front of me did. It was either run the tire over at 55MPH and loosing control by getting something stuck under or swerve to the left and risk hitting another car. Luckily the lane left of me was empty and I nearly avoided an accident. I know that this doesn’t sound that dramatic compared to other stories in here but it was some real shit to me after it happened. 

TL;DR Dumbass me forgot about following distances and almost got into an accident."|DudeCalledTom|False|https://redd.it/ej65lq|0|0.5|0|1|1|tifu
eiunk5|2020-01-02 06:35:37|TIFU By Testing My Saw With My Finger. OUCH|"I (40s, F) have been using power tools for 20+ years doing hobbies, home improvement, etc. I follow safety procedures and know how dangerous it can be. Because if this, I never use the saws unless someone is home since I have a long history of being clumsy and getting hurt in the most unlikely ways. I've never had an issue, until today. 

Despite my best efforts, my hand slipped and I bounced my index finger off the running blade. My neighbor is an EMT so she ran over and checked me out. It's not worthy of an er visit on a holiday but it's definitely a FU. The way it cut there's not really any way to stitch it and it was not bleeding excessively. Don't misunderstand, it's way more than a scratch and hurts like hell, just not something I can't handle at home (I've got lots of experience being a disaster). My nail will be jacked up for the rest of my life and I'll have a scar but it did not cut anything off and I'm not vain or terribly concerned about looks. 

I got damn lucky.  I'd say I'll be more careful but the only way to do that would be to lock myself in a padded room! Oh, and I didn't even get blood on the art table I'm building my grandbaby! She (3yrs) wasn't too concerned about Grammy's finger but did confirm her table was ok!

Luckily, I have pain meds for another issue I experience from time to time. Unfortunately, they cause me insomnia. So I'll be hanging out with y'all most of the night probably ;-)

TL;DR - saws are sharp, friends are good, sleep is elusive."|eveban|False|https://redd.it/eiunk5|20|0.9|0|3|1|tifu
eiabc2|2019-12-31 23:05:02|"TIFU by giving ""tips"" to a Premium Snapchat girl"|"So obligatory this actually did happen today.

Today I was browsing tinder and came across one of those ""I don't use this, add me on SC"" accounts, was feeling bored and horny and decided to add them. After they accepted my FR on Snapchat, I sent her a ""so how much, and what am I getting?"" message. She tells me its $40 for some videos and her venmo and I decide, fuck it, I'd like to see some of that.

After sending her the money, she proceeds to send me the videos, (pretty nice btw) and she asks what I think of them. I tell her she looks very sexy and she then sends me a message ""I'm kinda new to this. Tips are really appreciated.""

So I took this as ""Oh, she's new to selling her body on the internet, I should be constructive and try to help a new entrepreneur.""

I then proceed to spend the next 10 minutes going over her good points, things I think she could improve, specifically things like, ""You have really nice boobs, but I think you're overemphasizing them. You should try different positions, etc.""

After sending all of these messages, she responds, ""Oh. I meant tips as in like donations, but thanks anyways!""

Cue me fucking dying inside.

tl;dr A premium snapchat girl asked me for money and I gave her advice on how to better sell her body on the internet."|Uselessness_Achieved|True|https://redd.it/eiabc2|29804|0.88|5|1166|1|tifu
eivuiz|2020-01-02 08:53:29|TIFU by doing what everyone fears: dropping your phone down a storm drain|"This was literally two hours ago, and I'm still trying to get over the incredulity of the situation.

I just got back from being over at my relative's place for New Years and returning home with my brother. The street parking in front of our house is full, and we have other cars in the driveway, so my brother normally parks where the storm drain is. As I open the door, I hear something fall to the ground, slide across concrete, bounce once, twice, a third time a little quieter, then settle. My mind goes blank for a second as I reach my pants pockets to see if my phone and wallet are there. I only feel my wallet. By this point a part of me knows I dropped my phone, so I turn to tell my brother, and I just kind of stand there for a sec to really absorb what happened. I then walk into the house, then make a beeline for my dad's office. The first thing I tell him is, ""Hi dad, I have something to tell you that you probably won't like, because I don't like it either... I dropped my phone into the storm drain."" He kind of just stares at me for a solid second, then makes a disappoint sigh. For the next few minutes I'm looking through my laptop to see if there is anything wrong can really do about it, looking at the city's water maintenance contact, the non emergency police number, etc. Then, I saw that some other people have had this happen to them too, and you can access the storm drain through the manhole on top. By this point, my whole family knows, so my brother and dad work to get the manhole open, while my mom and I stand by watching to see if there is anything to do to help. It turns out that my phone not only fell into the drain, but it also fell further into a drain tunnel about 15 ft into it. The difficult part about trying to retrieve it is that the tunnel slopes a bit downwards 10 ft, then levels out another 10 ft. Both my brother and dad ended up using a collapsible ladder that they led into the tunnel, used rope to tie it to the built in ladder leading down the manhole, then went down the tunnel and grabbed my phone. Miraculously, my phone is not damaged at all (or even scratched for that matter), and no one was hurt in any way. I honestly still can't believed that happened. I was willing to just accept that my phone was gone forever and buy a new one with my New Years money.

Anyways, that happened. What a great way to start the new year, and I right?

TL;DR I dropped my phone into a storm drain, and my dad and brother managed to get it back for me."|k0tic5|False|https://redd.it/eivuiz|14|0.88|0|10|1|tifu
eiss0h|2020-01-02 03:43:34|TIFU because of my dentures!|"This happened 5 days ago and I AM SO F*** EMBARASSED! Okay so, I met this girl in a club, she was dancing with her friends and I, myself, got his confidence and approched her and introduced myself. We had a couple of dance, drinks and some laughs.

After the party, we both decided to have a walk and talks about stuffs... then while we were in an alley, she suddenly grabs me and pushed me into a wall, talking dirty stuffs, We were in the heat.

We switched positions, I carried her, kissed her neck, smelled her perfume. and upon reaching back having a torid kiss, my M******F**** DENTURES decided to swim and slide into her mouth!

I WAS SO HUMILIATED and I DIDN'T know what I was thinking, but because of reflexes, I reached into her mouth and quickly pulls out my dentures.

It was so awkward that she just walked off and waved goodbye.

I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THAT BAR!

TL;DR; Got into a heat with a girl, and during a torid kiss, my dentures was transfered to her mouth."|iDids|True|https://redd.it/eiss0h|33|0.84|0|15|1|tifu
eiv5gs|2020-01-02 07:28:53|TIFU by covering my self in hot chocolate .|"I've been fairly sick recently, and it was getting to much so i decided to skip my last class for the day and come home early so i could go to bed. Once home i deiced to make a hot chocolate, being sick and feeling shitty i deiced to make it in the biggest mug i have. After i begin to make it the cat and dog begin to harass me the dog it under my feet and the cat it trying to drink the milk and my hot chocolate, so i place the mug out of reach on top of the fridge (this is one of the only places the cat cant jump) go feed the dog. Once back i grab the milk and go to put it away however i forgot i had placed it on top of the fridge, my massive mug of scalding chocolate comes crashing down shattering about half way down of the fridge covering me in head to toe hot chocolate and mug, as well as covering about half of the kitchen.   
   
After this i clean up the pieces of my mug, mop the floors and wipe down the inside of the fridge, all while incredibly sick, tired and covered in cloths wet from the hot chocolate.   


TL;DR: I was sick so made a hot chocolate, then put it on top of the fridge and opened it covering my self and the kitchen in pieces of mug and hot chocolate."|Assault_Giraffe|False|https://redd.it/eiv5gs|10|1.0|0|0|1|tifu
ej35p1|2020-01-02 19:48:34|TIFU by getting high and writing a very mean send a message on Instagram|"
Well this happened today and it was not one of my prouder moments... Well anyways on New Year’s Eve I ate half a Wonka edible THC bar and I didn’t feel anything that night so I chucked it up to a bad edible. I wake up the next morning and realize I am high as balls so I just start scrolling through Instagram and a girl’s Instagram story says  “Say something”. Here I am and my high ass thought it was like the Snapchat anonymous messaging by YOLO. Well as you can see where this is going I attacked this girl for being a sexist pig and for hating men it was truly a vile rant and after I feel like I’ll get my point across I sent it. Fast forward about 15 minutes and my phone is blowing up all her friends are attacking me and I can’t believe it I feel like an idiot. I very quickly apologized and I don’t know if I’ll be able to show my face in school tomorrow but I hope it’s not too bad.

TL;DR
Got high and mistook anonymous messaging for Instagram messaging and wrote a vile rant to someone."|mm14mm14|False|https://redd.it/ej35p1|0|0.5|0|5|1|tifu
eivlp5|2020-01-02 08:22:06|TIFU by sleeping through new years during my 20 minute sickness induced nap, and my family thinking I was confusedly hallucinating when I woke :(|"So yesterday (31/12/19) my whole family arranged a Christmas party at my grandmother's house. This had been planned for about a month and everybody prepared food, drinks and all were excited.
Unfortunately I became sick a few days before with influenza but u was determined not to miss out on the fun, so I brought my trusty handkerchief and planned to stay up till 00:00.

I arrived at my grandmother's house at about 5pm and managed to stay in high spirits laughing and enjoying the time with the family but as the night went on, I stated feeling a headache coming on, so I took two panadols.

Because if the medication, by 23:20 I started feeling incredibly drowsy by I fought with myself to stay awake till 0:00. I ended up falling asleep on the sofa at 23:50 till 00:10. I literally couldn't have timed my 20 minute nap any worse.

I woke up hearing my family members walking around me preparing to leave, and me not being aware of the time, thought they were pranking me. 
They all just thought I was hallucinating and being crazy due to my sickness. I thought I had just closed my eyes for a minute :(

You can imagine how annoyed I was.


TL;DR: I ruined my new years by taking a 20 minute nap at the worst time possible due to influenza ,and my family thought I was hallucinating when I realised"|Aizawa4Life|False|https://redd.it/eivlp5|8|0.83|0|4|1|tifu
ej2sf1|2020-01-02 19:22:50|TIFU in many small ways.|"I gotta start making clear that, well, even if these things sound insignificant and maybe 'not fuck ups', for someone with such a boring life like mine this is like the biggest fuck up to start 2020.

And I must ask you to forgive any typo I make. I am not an english speaker, and I don't usually write in english.

Now, let's get started.

&#x200B;

The day started like the usual. I woke up, played with my cat, gave him food and water, got breakfast and that stuff. It was all quiet, until I got called to go downstairs for lunch (I live in a house with a lot of family members, and it might be important).

I went, and did what someone normal would do. Helped putting forks, glasses, plates and made the juice. But then, the first (and small) fuck up happened. Went for some ice, and they all fell to the kitchen floor. I was a little shocked, but the other ones watching the scene were laughing their asses off.

'Whatever' I thought. So I just started eating. The lunch was cool, normal, nothing out off the usual until someone mentioned my cat-scratch eyebrow. Something I did yesterday and wasn't that notorious.

Such a small thing ended up turning me into the punk-emo-clown of the table. I got some recrimination here, and some comments there about how it didn't look good on me.

&#x200B;

And, that's all the story. I'm writting it a few minutes after it happened. Hope nothing else happens. It's still early for fucking it up even more.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Getting a cat scratch eyebrow and dropping ice cubes turned me into a clown."|smol-n-dumb|False|https://redd.it/ej2sf1|1|0.5|0|0|1|tifu
eitone|2020-01-02 05:03:52|TIFU broke my hand during an argument with mum by punching the wall.|"This happened today morning, first off my cat broke the supports our curtains were hanging on, he has done this a dozen times in just 4 months. I have been meditating for 2 hours daily and have been keeping my anger in check. One year ago today I was addicted to cigarettes, weed and alcohol and didn't care about what my future would be, I'm clean now I overcame the depression and addiction in 2019, I am glad I did. I was depressed but I didn't know I was depressed since that emotion had become normal for me. My educational institute had a class today at 8AM - 10AM it's (it's 10:13 AM right now), and I got a message from the institute saying I've missed the class for today and got infuriated. First of all, they didn't text that there will be a class in the morning since most of my classes are in the afternoon or in the evening. But they texted mum and she was in her office (she's a surgeon) and didn't tell me that there was a class today. The thing about my mum is she's angry, ALL THE TIME. And I'm a spiritual person I believe in peace, love and joy. When I told her I missed the class today she started shouting and broke my phone. I tried explaining her that I didn't get a text at all about a class but she did and she didn't check and didn't tell me.

Now, I was out yesterday with my friends, since it was my birthday one of her colleagues saw me outside, the thing is my mom is really insecure about me being anywhere outside of the place we live in and it's partly my fault too because I was addicted, her friend that bitch ass bitch-bitch, told my mom that she saw me close to the chicken market (I used to go smoke there) and my mom didn't trust me that I've stopped smoking. In anger I punched the wall when the argument escalated and here I am, with a broken ring finger on my right hand. A great start to the decade. But this does not define what my decade will be. I get to write my story, and I will become an Astrophysicist and help solve the mysteries of the Universe regardless of who believes in me or not. Thank you for reading this far I guess I needed to ask fellow Redditors wether AITA or not. >.< 

I still love you all, and all of you, every single one of you, no matter who you are or what you've done or who your friends are, you scientifically are the center of the Universe.

Short note: my master told me that mastering calmness will be your greatest gift in life, I thought I mastered it until today. This has a silver lining though. I can go even further.

TL;DR **During an argument with my mom I punched the wall and broke my ring finger on my dominant hand when my exams are close.**"|swerZZie|False|https://redd.it/eitone|13|0.78|0|3|1|tifu
eiuiml|2020-01-02 06:21:40|TIFU by parking in-between two van-accessible parking spots|"Hi everyone. I'm a 31 years old guy living in Houston. I got disabled in the Army and had a disabled veteran plate ever since. My disability rating comes mostly from limited ranges of motion and pain issues resulting from the service, so I don't ""look"" handicapped outright. I park in handicapped parking spots from time to time when there are no other open spots or remaining spots are too far away, but mostly try to park elsewhere whenever there're other open spots as I can walk and other people with the more serious conditions may need them.

So a couple of days ago, I had a parcel to drop so pulled into the local post office's parking lot. It was packed during lunch hours, so I naturally pulled into a handicapped parking spot. There were three handicapped parking spots; Left one was a typical handicapped parking spot. Middle and the right one had worn off yellow stripes below the handicapped symbol newly painted. The yellow stripes weren't cleanly removed. Only on the right spot, there was a worn off coat of white paint painted over the stripes but you can clearly tell that there're yellow stripes beneath the coat. It was pretty bad. I thought that must have been no-parking zone before, but opened up recently for handicapped parking, so I parked on the middle spot. There was a black van on the right with its engine running, but no one was getting in nor getting out, so I didn't pay much attention.

So there I was, on the line of 8 people ahead of me, holding the parcel. A lady at her 50s, who looks like she's ABOUT TO CRY, face all red with water in her eyes, barges in, and started to shout at me.

Lady: ""HOW DARE YOU!""

Me: ""Excuse me?""

Lady: ""HOW DARE YOU PARK AND BLOCK THE VAN??""

I kinda understood what was going on here, but at this point, I was just dumbfounded to find out that someone would rather shout at other people without any context than begin a conversation on pointing out their wrongdoing.

Me: ""Lady, there's a handicapped symbol on the ground on my parking spot.""

Lady: ""OH YEAH?? (Still shouting) ARE YOU DISABLED? HUH? WHERE IS YOUR CARD??"" (I think she meant a disabled placard. I have it, but I don't like displaying on the front windshield so I keep it in my glove box just in case. According to the TX law I just need the DV plate, so harm there.)

Me: ""I got a disabled plate. I can park there. I got a placard too and IF you want I can show you.""

Lady: ""LOOK AT YOURSELF! DO YOU **LOOK** DISABLED??""

I should've said something at this point, but then again, I never had such an encounter and I was NOT immune to this type of people nor conversation.  What do you even mean by saying **you don't LOOK disabled?** I should've demanded an apology from her back then for insulting NOT just me, but every single veteran who was disabled with losses of body functionality, needs of pain management, illness due to chemical exposure and mental disorders. Unfortunately, I was STILL dumbfounded.

But at this point, I think she realized that she might be barking at another disabled person, so I could feel that her piping down. Plus, some people started to frown from this comment and she must have realized what she said. (At this point, EVERY SINGLE PERSON stopped what they were doing and watching us. I believed I didn't do anything wrong, but I was still pretty embarrassed.)

Lady: ""HOW DARE YOU!!"" (She wouldn't stop saying that)

Me: ""Are you serious? I got a plate and I can park there. What's wrong with you?""

Lady: ""HOW DARE YOU!! HOW DARE YOU!"" (As she storms out)

... and she just left.

I was dumbfounded for pretty much the entire time I was in the line, getting in casual conversations with others trying to shake it off. When I was finally talking to the postal worker, the nice black lady said she was sorry for what happened, and I said it's okay, there are a lot of crazy people and I'm used to them.

As I was leaving the post office, a different lady who was in ahead of me in the line was standing and waiting for me. She said she noticed the disabled vet plate and she didn't think I deserved what happened. And then she thanked me for my service and said she hoped it didn't ruin my day. I politely thanked her for her support and told her she made it okay. Things were cool. I got into my car, started, then left.

Then I saw it.

The handicapped symbol in my parking spot was not the handicapped symbol.

It was a sky blue square.

They must have painted a handicapped symbol at one point and then defaced it with a white coat attempting to remove it, but miserably failing it. And as I was pulling in, the afternoon sun was in the right angle shining the symbol bright, making me just assume that the symbol was a genuine handicapped symbol, as it was a similar color with the same size.

So there it is. I fucked up by **parking in between two van-accessible handicapped parking spots.** A royal asshole move. Then I started to feel bad for the lady. I mean, she really looked like she was about to cry! Maybe I parked right next to her and she was about to get out of the car with her husband in a wheelchair. But then again, she didn't do anything in the post office- just shouted at me and left. So... she got that upset and had to come back in and yell at me even when she was done with the business there?

All in all, I'm NOT proud of what I did. Also, I'm a Korean American, so I guess this adds up to the public stereotype of Asians being bad drivers, so my heartfelt apologies to fellow comrades out there contributing to auto insurance premium increase around the nation. LOL. But anyone trying to approach me at the moment, calmly explaining what they saw and informing what I did wrong, would've been enough to make me embarrassed, get out of the line and move my car. No shouting and HOW DARE YOU necessary. In my opinion, people really need to calm down and I really need to pay attention to the symbols on the ground.

TL;DR

I parked in between two van-accessible handicapped parking spots.

A lady yelled at me, walked out alive.

Happy 2020 everybody!"|csApollo|False|https://redd.it/eiuiml|10|0.92|0|2|1|tifu
eix0w2|2020-01-02 11:16:45|TIFU by telling everyone I got a job|"Ok, that was really 2 weeks ago... 

I've been a stay at home mom for 11 years, I started school again last year, and part of my degree is to get an internship. I had been looking for a job for a while now (again... no experience etc, lots of practice at home but it's not the same).

I saw a job offer 2 weeks ago that seemed perfect, hit all the boxes and they said that they would train the right candidate (I definitely need more skills, which is why I'm going to school). I got the job on the spot, great people, work I can honestly do easily, but I'm still learning on a few others. I was super excited and told everyone. It really was the perfect job.

After one week, I was left alone for two days while everyone was off. I think that I did a good job, all things considered, but there are a couple of things I could have done better on (one because they didn't have the right tools and I had to improvise, the other because I bit more than I can chew and it didn't work out). She told me she'd let me know when she needed me again.

Then I heard nothing for a week, and last night I got an email saying that she didn't think I could work independently yet and she didn't have time to train me.

I'm gutted and I feel like a fool. Now I have to tell everyone that the job didn't work out, and I'm back to square one waiting for a job I will probably never find because I don't have experience and I don't have my degree yet (but need an internship to get).

&#x200B;

TLDR: Got a job, told everyone about it, it didn't work out, and now I feel like a fool."|Francl27|False|https://redd.it/eix0w2|5|0.67|0|10|1|tifu
eio52g|2020-01-01 21:32:58|TIFU by going to a strip club alone for New Years and getting bullied by a bunch of strippers|"This happened two days ago for me now as I live in New Zealand but the effects of what happened are still unfolding. 

Small backstory: I have been to a strip club once before, my girlfriend took me for my birthday last August, it was a really fun night which ended in the both of us getting lap dances together by two other girls. We had a great time overall. Fast forward to a couple days before New Years, my girlfriend is in Australia on vacation with her sister, we were talking about what I’d be doing myself alone for New Years and I suggested going back to the same strip club as I had seen advertising from them for a big New Years party they were throwing, girlfriend thought it was a great idea and gave me the go ahead, so that was that. 


Now to the actual story: I decided to leave for the club around 10:30pm as I thought that would be enough time to wait in line outside the club and get in and have a good time before midnight, the club is practically right across the street from my apartment building (I live in a building right in the downtown area of Wellington) so I walked over and noticed that there was no line whatsoever. I thought that was strange and went up anyway, got ID’d (I’m 21) and paid their $20 cover to get in. Once inside I went to the bar and got myself a ginger ale, important to note here that I don’t drink, I just never really liked it and back home in Canada I would always be the designated driver for my buddies. I also got myself some tipping money for the girls inside, I had a $50 bill and asked for $40 of tipping money as that’s how much we got last time we went and it worked out great then, however the bartender just said he’d do the whole $50 and I can always return the money later. A little annoying but whatever right? When I finally got settled inside I noticed another strange thing, it was practically empty, only a handful of people inside which I thought was strange cause there was so many posters up about their New Years party and things like that. 

Anyways the night started off pretty tame overall, girls dancing on stage then coming down and walking around the club to collect tips. I was sitting at a table by myself near the back of the club, and what I hadn’t realized is, if you are a lone young guy in a strip club, the girls will come up to you and try and talk and flirt. This hadn’t happened last time as I was with my gf so nobody approached us, but tonight? They kept coming over trying to talk to me, and another thing to note is that whenever I get into awkward social situations or I get over ally nervous I tend to stutter a bit, which doesn’t help any situation at all. 

The first girl who came over and talked to me was easily in her mid to late forties, for the sake of the story we will call her old lady. Old lady sat next to me and put her face right up to mine to whisper in my ear “I thought you were really cute sitting there all alone, how would you like to join me for a good time”. I awkwardly stuttered out a “not right now/maybe later excuse” and she promptly left me alone which was fine by me, she came across really creepy and gave me a weird bite/kiss on my ear as she left. 

I was left alone only for a few minutes when a new girl came up to me, let’s call her Lucy. Lucy sat next to me and just causally talked to me, the club was so loud that I could hardly hear her most of the time and she generally had to yell in my ear a lot just to be heard. She asked me several times where I was from and what I do for a living and just kinda kept forgetting that she asked. Apparently she had only been a stripper for about a month now, I asked her what she did before that and she said she was a kindergarten teacher, I replied back saying “oh, so pretty comparable careers overall right?”, I was trying to be funny and lighten the mood, instead Lucy just stared daggers at me before getting up and saying she was dancing soon and had to prepare, instead of that though she just walked off and joined another group of customers. 

I was hardly left alone for a minute before another girl came up to me, and this girl I recognized immediately. She had given me a lap dance on my birthday back in August. Let’s call her Mary. Mary came up to me and started asking me the basic where you from/what you do questions, she obviously didn’t remember me and I didn’t really expect her too but I also didn’t know if I should mention her giving me a dance before, also she kept stumbling over her words and giggling a lot which I thought was weird. Against my better judgement I told her she had given me a dance before and that we’d met previously and she kept refusing to believe it, just giggling and shaking her head a bunch, finally she asked “alright, if I gave you a dance before, what was I wearing then?” I said “nothing.” And she burst out laughing, then came the most awkward silence of my life as she just stared at me a little cross eyed before blurting out “ I do a LOT of drugs which is probably why I don’t remember you, have you ever tried acid?” I told her no I hadn’t and I guess that was the end of that conversation as she giggled a bit more and then just got up and stumbled off. 

Soon after this Lucy came back and asked me if I would buy her a drink. I had read on the clubs website that it was good etiquette to buy them a drink as a thank you or something strange like that, so I said sure and we walked over to the bar. She ordered a drink, I watched the bartender make it and it was like a single shot of vodka and half a red bull, Lucy then asked what I wanted and I said I didn’t drink which she scoffed at, then the bartender handed me the debit machine. Lucy’s tiny little drink was EIGHTEEN GODDAMN DOLLARS, plus they wouldn’t accept the tipping money I had as payment for a drink so I had to pay with my card which I thought was odd. So after getting scammed for buying this drink we returned to my table. She started asking about why I don’t drink and found out I’d never been drunk, and insisted that she should get me drunk tonight, which I refused too and then she started this weird pouty thing cause I said no. After that she asked if I wanted a lap dance, and I said maybe later but probably not, in reply to this she got up and said she was gonna mingle with the other people, so she took her drink and left. 

At this point in the night it was maybe 20 minutes to the new year, I had barely been able to watch any of the dances so far as these girls kept coming up to me to talk. I never even wanted to talk to anyone in the first place. I accidentally made eye contact with another dancer a few tables away and she immediately got up and started walking towards my table, I tried to sink low into my chair and look in every direction but hers as she walked over but she sat by me anyways. She had these long fake nails and started whisper/shouting in my ear as the club was so loud while also raking her nails over my back. I’m sure she was trying to be sensual and nice about it but she was using way to much pressure with these dagger nails of hers, she asked me if I wanted a lap dance and I just stammered out a “no thank you” and she went off. Overall pretty nice expect for the shouting and the horrid back scratch. 

At about 10 minutes to midnight I had the worst interaction by anyone so far. We will call this girl Olga. Olga came over to me, she smelled terrible, had rancid smokers breath and crooked/missing teeth. She didn’t even try to be quiet when she shouted in my ear “how would you like to spend the last ten minutes of the year with a sexy girl like me riding you?” I said a quick no thanks to which to seemed to actually take offence to, she angrily said “why not?!?”, I was too nervous and was just stuttering nonsense at this point when she said “well aren’t you at least gonna tip a girl for her time?” (Mind you nobody else had been asking for tips that came up to me, they had just come up to me to talk, I didn’t know I was supposed to be tipping them all). I awkwardly held out a bill for her as she pulled her top down, and she said “no. With you mouth!” I stuttered again, and just tried to put the bill in her top but she snatched it out of my hand and went “open wide!” I tried to meagrely take the bill again but she pulled it back saying again “OPEN. WIDE!”  I ashamedly opened my mouth, she put the bill in and then mashed and punched her boobs up into my face, before just snatching the bill out of my mouth with her hand and storming off. 

At this point I really just wanted to go home but it was only 5 minutes to midnight so I figured I should at least wait for their big New Years celebration, whatever it was that they were doing and advertising for. The old lady stripper came back briefly and asked me if I wanted her riding me naked to the new year and I promptly just said “no”, she gave me a “suit yourself” and walked off, at least I was saved from any more ear nibbles from her. 

As we finally got to the new year the club announcer screamed for all the girls to get up on stage so we could count in the new year. Except the announcer called everyone on late and we almost missed the countdown. All the girls got up on stage and the announcer all of a sudden went “TENNINEEIGHTSEVENSIX...FIVE...FOUR...THREE...TWO...ONE...HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!” She was unbelievably loud over the mic and the music of the club. As they rang in the new year nobody in the club clapped, cheered, whooped or ANYTHING. the handful of people just sat around waiting for whatever great New Years celebration was promised to us. A waiter brought out a bottle of champagne and glasses and poured it out for all the girls on stage who just stood there, talking with each other and sipping champagne, and then they just walked off and left. Just left. There was no special New Years show, we almost missed the countdown, and I had just wasted the past hour getting harassed and bullied by angry strippers. 

I just got up and left, I returned my unused tip money and walked out, angry and sad at my wasted night, only to find out when I left the club I couldn’t hear anything properly. There was a slight ringing “eeeeeeeee” in my ears and everything sounded muffled and far away. I walked back home freaking out about my hearing and promptly went to bed. The kept ringing all throughout the day yesterday and are still going as I write this now, along with everything still sounding muffled. I think I may have seriously fucked them up and am going to see a doctor at the end of the week. So much for a fun strip club new years party. 

Ive told my girlfriend this story and she thought it was hilarious, saying maybe I should have just gone to bed early and not gone out at all. Which I agree with now. 


TLDR: Went to the strip club by myself for New Years with the promise of a big New Years celebration. Got scammed into paying crazy prices for a girls drink, pissed off some stripper girls, got my back painfully scratched by one girl, got punched in the face by a strippers boob,  had an incredibly disappointing countdown to the new year, and may now have permanent hearing damage to top it all off. 

Happy New Years everyone."|Knight1515|False|https://redd.it/eio52g|48|0.87|0|28|1|tifu
eilqzh|2020-01-01 18:34:17|TIFU by urinating on the Houses of Parliament in London and armed police responding|"So in true tradition of this subreddit, this didn't happen today.

In February 2019, I was visiting London, living in Britain it's not a big trip, I go maybe once every couple years or so. I've got a few friends from university who live there, so I met up for drinks with them and ended up in a club, but since I was visiting during the week they had work the next day they left fairly early. I was fairly tipsy by the time they left so decided to stay by myself drinking, ended up chatting with some local guys and getting on well with them, and very drunk.

Rest of the night was a bit of blur, but at about 3 am walking back to where I was staying I noticed I was fairly near the Palace of Westminster (houses of parliament, big Ben, etc). ""I'll walk past it to have a look"" I thought to my drunken self, having seen it before but only with a tonne of other tourists crowding around it.

The place was completely deserted, pretty understandable for 3am, and I'm thinking how close can I actually get to it? I start walking down the path that leads to the turnstiles for visitor admission, when I notice some of the metal barriers have a gap between them. ""If I walk around the barriers it's not illegal or trespassing, and there's no signs that say not to"" I reason to myself.

I thought there would be another, more substantial fence before getting to the actual building, but lo and behold there was nothing else. I walked right up to it and started walking around looking for a door, I'd gotten this far might as well see if I can get in. I get to what is a small door for the building, but still pretty hefty, and give a pull on the handle. Obviously it's locked, so I give it a knock to see if anyone would answer. So I walk around a bit more when I get the need to piss. Doing as most people that drunk do, I go to the nearest wall and start relieving myself.

I'm just finishing pissing when I hear a van pull up, the door slamming shut and then ""OI, PUT YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR AND TURN AROUND SLOWLY"" I do my fly up and comply, not really realising the situation I'm in. When I turn around I see about 6 fully kitted up armed police with their rifles pointing straight at me. They signal me to walk towards them down a small road that goes from a sealed car entrance to a barrier. I roll under the barrier and stand up, all with my hands still where they can see.

They asked for name, address, and ID, so as I'm telling them I pull my wallet out for my driver's license. Everything is missing from my wallet: cards, driver's license, the lot. To say I was worried at this point is a slight understatement. They did a pat down of me, getting more and more annoyed with me stumbling over my words. Fortunately finding everything from my wallet in my back pockets, thankfully corroborating my name and address I'd told them.

Nothing is a more sobering sound than 6 rifles which are pointed at you, having the safety turned ON as they are lowered. The guy in charge gets on his radio ""Yeah, it's just some drunken idiot pissing"" he turns to me and says ""piss off, I can't be arsed with the paperwork for this."" And so I stumbled off back to where I was staying, whilst apologising for wasting their time.

TL;DR drunkenly pissed on the Palace of Westminster in London, armed police responded and told me to piss off"|ambivalent_apivore|False|https://redd.it/eilqzh|82|0.95|0|16|1|tifu
eiuwyv|2020-01-02 07:03:21|TIFU by driving my car to a family vacation|"For a little bit of context, I drive my grandparents old ‘94 Camry. I am not a man of money and that’s the car I could afford to drive through high school and college and whatnot. 

Now I moved out of my parents not too long ago and so when it came to going for Christmas vacation and all I had to drive myself to their place on the way to our destination. I thought it would be fun to take my sister and I to our favorite chicken place, so I opted to drive her and I so we could listen to music of this last decade and have fun like we used to.

This would prove to be a problem, as even though I had my car thoroughly checked for safety and everything, the battery light came on. Thinking nothing of it I got the battery replaced and thought I’d be good to head back north. Well the battery light came on as my sister and I tried to depart. So I am now stuck another day, sent my sister with my parents, and am not sure how I’ll be getting home. With it being New Year’s Day I wasn’t able to get it checked out, not sure I’m going home with my car or not. 

TL;DR should’ve taken my sisters car for vacation as my car may need a new alternator, I chanced my car."|Domenstain|False|https://redd.it/eiuwyv|7|0.9|0|3|1|tifu
ei689t|2019-12-31 17:52:42|TIFU Thirteen years in the making, an hour ago I discovered what our conversations were all about.|"Thirteen or so years ago I worked as a paralegal having done a law degree at the age of 40. The firm of solicitors I worked at were part of a big chain who produced free wills via workplace offers and trade union deals. People would fill out a form, send it in and we would construct their will based on the preferences on the form.

I was sharing an office with an attractive, funny and smart young woman (23) who gave me the appropriate training to complete these wills. At the time i was 46. 

She had dumped her boyfriend of several years because she found out he had been sleeping with someone else while she was at university. Their home town was several hundred miles away.  During her brief period of being single she asked me what sort of age gap between people was acceptable. We had long conversations about it. I told her i knew of couples who were 5, 10, 12, 15 and 17 years older/younger than their wife/husband/partner.

She then mentioned that she had heard that centuries ago older men often married.much younger women as they were more able to take care of said younger woman who was more likely to survive childbirth and go on to be a good mother while the more mature husband's income kept them comfortable. 

She kept asking my opinion and asked if I would ever consider seeing a younger/older woman than me. Not thinking it very likely I just shrugged and avoided the question.

Throughout the months we worked together we often went out after work and at the weekends in a group. She would dress very provocatively and on the occasions she wore stockings she would let me know she was (I'd previously confessed to having a particular weakness/fondness for them). After several months she got onto a Solicitors training programme and left. We kept in touch and met on occasions for food, coffee or drinks. 

After a couple of years she met someone at her new firm and we stopped meeting. They got married and had a baby.

I bumped into her about an hour ago in court. I was delivering some papers and she was there representing a client. She was all over me and insisted we had coffee and a chat. It was then that she told me that the reason for asking about big age gap relationships was that she had a massive crush on me but was too scared of damaging our friendship by doing anything about it but hoped that I would. When she finally decided it wasnt going to happen she left.

Of course I had absolutely no idea this was going on and that this gorgeous young woman had any interest in me beyond friendship. Honestly, I could cry.

TL:DR Made friends with hot girl in the office, didn't notice she had a crush on me."|Cyclan|False|https://redd.it/ei689t|29401|0.9|3|1356|1|tifu
eivu2v|2020-01-02 08:51:56|TIFU By Eating Popcorn At The Movie Theater|"The F-up actually occured yesterday. It's currently around 3:30AM as of me writing this, so the F-up happened about 10 hours ago.

Anyway, onto the story.

So, my friend L, invited me and another friend, R to see the movie Knives Out yesterday afternoon at 4:35. Awesome. We arrange times, I get picked up, then R and we mosey on down to the theater. We decide to share a large popcorn.

I think it's safe to say I ate a majority of it, as L and R didn't want any more after about an hour. Here's the thing; I've been having a bad reaction to movie theater popcorn lately. I'm not sure what it is(my mom blames the ""butter"" product they use)but other popcorn is fine.

I'm pretty sure what I experience is indigestion, but I could be wrong. Anyway, the reason I continue to stupidly eat movie theater popcorn in hopes my body won't reject it, but that ended yesterday.

When I got home things.....weren't pretty.

I spent about 30 minutes in the bathroom with awful stomach pains and nothing passing through my system. I finally decided to leave and lay on the couch for a bit. That's when the weakness set in. Part of this ""reaction"" I have is that I get really shaky and weak; I'm assuming it's a result of the stomach pain. I decide to push through it, take a quick shower, and head to bed.

All is well until I'm sitting on my bed on my phone when I feel a gurgle in my stomach. I run the bathroom and release what felt like straight stomach acid. Not fun. I cleaned myself up and went back to bed. Not five minutes later, it happened AGAIN.

I run back to the  bathroom and the ordeal repeats. Cue this for the next half hour. My ass is BURNING from the stomach acid and the subsequent washing with a rag. I just left the bathroom after being in there for about 30 minutes, and I'm now feeling my stomach get a bit rumbly again. Shit. This has happened the last 3 times I've eaten movie theater popcorn, but this time is(the LAST)by far the worst.

I'm gonna go back to the bathroom and sob as I sit on the toilet in my robe.

TL;DR - Went to the movie theater with friends, ate popcorn. Currently in the restroom wishing I hadn't."|uKeLiLe|False|https://redd.it/eivu2v|5|0.86|0|4|1|tifu
eikciz|2020-01-01 16:46:10|TIFU by trying to unclog the shower drain (NSFW)|"This happened 5 minutes ago and I am still gagging. 

Some background: I (26F) share a two bedroom apartment with my coworker (50’s M). We only have one shower, and I try to be as considerate as possible unclogging the drain after every use, because my hair is long and falls out a lot. The only problem is, I have very poor eyesight, and have a hard time seeing what I’m doing in the shower without my glasses on. It’s not uncommon for me to miss hairs on the walls/floor/drain that I pick up later when I have my glasses back on. 

Now the fuckup: I was sitting on the toilet minding my own business, when the shower drain catches my eye. It was half-covered in a clump of hair. I thought it was odd that I’d missed THAT much hair the last time I showered, but figured I was probably just extra blind and was glad I caught it before my roommate would need to get in. Wipe, get up, reach down to grab the hairs expecting to have to wrestle them out of the drain when, to my horror, a ball of coarse, thick, short hairs lift seamlessly off the drain. I’m completely confused because this feels NOTHING like my hair, so I lift my hand up to inspect and... Yup. Pubic. Hairs. Long, black and grey, pubic hairs. We’re talking 3-4 cm each. I shriek and let go in disgust, and now have a bathtub floor sprinkled in multicoloured pubes. 

Happy new year to me. 

TL;DR: went to pull my hair out of the shower drain. Pulled roommate’s pubes out instead."|cocoandcoffee|True|https://redd.it/eikciz|94|0.91|0|17|1|tifu
eie02g|2020-01-01 04:36:23|TIFU by trying to enjoy a shower with my girlfriend|"So this happened yesterday. She works at a nursing home and came home after a long shift. We just put new blankets on our bed so she wanted to shower and not get the new sheets all sweaty and gross. I give her about 5 minutes to get situated in the shower and head in the bathroom to ask if she’s almost done. “I just started my conditioner” she said. Perfect, I have enough time to jump in and shower fully before she’s even done with that. 

It all goes downhill from here. Literally. As soon as I step in, I guess my foot didn’t catch the tub right, and down I go. I do a baseball slide from the back of the tub to the front, and take her down like a bowling pin. She’s just sitting on the floor laughing, we both ask simultaneously if we’re okay. Once we’re good we just sit there laughing. Well her laugh stopped once she tried to get up and could barely move her hand. I told her she probably landed on it weird and it’ll throb for a little while. Fast forward to this morning and she says it still hurts. Told her okay let’s go to the clinic. After waiting for 3 hours and some x-rays later, it’s revealed she has a fractured thumb. We both start nursing school next week and she has to have little to no usage of her hand to have it heal properly. 

Side note as well: as I fell in the shower I tore the back paneling off the shower

TL;DR
Wanted to enjoy a shower with my girlfriend. Slipped and fell getting in causing her to get a fractured thumb and a broken shower"|petezahut15|False|https://redd.it/eie02g|821|0.98|1|53|1|tifu
einx59|2020-01-01 21:16:00|TIFU by Stinkin' Up the Party|"I was invited out for a New Year party on the day of and had to find an outfit. I scrambled around in boxes to find something that fit and that my friends haven’t seen before and decided to wear a red bridesmaids dress that has been sitting in plastic in my closet for like 5 years. Of course, the dress is dry clean only, so it means it’s dirty (R.I.P. Mitch Hedberg) but it looked perfectly fine. When I arrived at the party with the dress on my good friend told me I looked great.... but smelled like B.O. and weed. I was mortified and confused because I had showered and shaved and definitely put deodorant on (and smoked). I thought about it for the rest of the night while being very standoffish and refusing hugs. I didn’t realize until too late that the five-year-old bacteria would come to life with the new sweat and crate a whole new stink that just got worse throughout the night. Hopefully everyone was too drunk to remember or too gacked to smell, but I will likely think about the embarrassment every time I try to fall asleep. 

TL;DR >> pay for the damn dry cleaning on your nice clothes; especially before you put it in storage or you will smell bad."|obedient_authority|False|https://redd.it/einx59|34|0.89|0|2|1|tifu
eivdb4|2020-01-02 07:54:22|TIFU by spending the night at my parent's house on Christmas eve|"This is not a work of fiction. This happened to me this Christmas morning.

So in my family we have a Christmas tradition where the whole family (or the majority at least) come back to the family farm for Christmas dinner. I spent a good deal of december helping my mother upgrade her kitchen and baking new goodies for Christmas dinner and to give out as gifts afterwards. When we finished baking the last of the treats and snacks on Christmas eve my mother told me to just stay the night and sleep in the guest room rather then spend an hour driving home just to come back the next morning. I agreed, smart idea. Why waste the gas? So I slept in the guest room. 

I woke up at 7am. Jumped in the shower like i would at my own place and then just hung around in the guest room until i heard everyone else wake up around 8am. Greeted my mom and dad and made them some waffles. 9am: My father walks outside for a cigarette. A few minutes later he runs back in the through the door and yells ""Hey (my name) your car doors open!"" so I run outside and see my car door is just a little bit open. Just a hair. Like I didn't close it hard enough for the latch to lock. So we walk over to my car and through the wet windows and sunlight bouncing off the window I can just barely see something sitting on the drivers seat.

It was a bomb. 

A propane tanks taped to a gas can, wires running between them and what looked like nails stuck to the top of one of them with a wire running to the door. I grab my father and pull him back from the car and yell ""THERE'S A BOMB IN MY CAR! DON'T GO NEAR IT!"" He pulls away and says ""No it's not!"" my mother walks out and screams ""What the hell is that! Don't touch it!"" My father being a head strong idiot who listens to no one, pulls away from me and opens the door to my car. As he opens the door the wire on the propane tank attached to the door snaps. In an instant I run up to my father and shove him off the door and dive to the pavement. The door of my car bursts open and a plume of fire and chemicals spray out of the door! Flames engulf the seat and dash melting plastic and seat while a disgusting chemical smell chokes the air out of us as we run back to the house and safety.

A few minutes later three fire trucks and half the city police force are sitting in my parents driveway interviewing us, disarming and removing the remains of the bomb and taking my car to the station for fingerprinting. We don't know if the bomb was for me, one of my parents, a random act of violence or what. The police are still looking into it but got complete and crystal clear fingerprints off the remains of the bomb and car. They revealed that they have been looking for a serial arsonist who has been doing this for months but never had any evidence left behind until now. So that was my Christmas morning 2019!

TL;DR: Stayed the night at my parents on Christmas eve and woke up to find a bomb in my car."|RxMurloc|False|https://redd.it/eivdb4|4|0.64|0|7|1|tifu
eilwac|2020-01-01 18:45:27|TIFU by doing stuff with girl who had strep|"TIFU by do stuff with a girl who had strep.

So basically around a week ago I hung out with this girl. It was probably around 3 am in the morning and I’m drunk and kinda horny. So eventually I give it a couple of hours till I’m sober enough to drive and I meet up with this girl who did inform me before we hung out that she was sick and didn’t want anything to happen. I agreed and we hung out. Now me being a dumbass I decided to pull moves and we ended up doing stuff anyways. I kept saying things like “oh I never get sick” and “you’re not gonna get me sick” 

So around 2 days go by and it finally hits me and my throat is in unbearable pain so I head to the doctor. Where they would prescribed me amoxicillin. After a day of taking it I noticed I started to get sores on my lip. Not a big deal I get them all the time. But as the days keep going and going they started to get worse. So I went back to the doctor to which they told me I must have gotten oral thrush from the antibiotics. To which I am now laying in bed for another week or what it looks like. 

TL;DR by doing stuff with girl who had strep, ended up getting It and now having a yeast infection"|nathanjw555|True|https://redd.it/eilwac|55|0.86|0|17|1|tifu
eit8bx|2020-01-02 04:23:24|TIFU by ignoring a constant back pain.|"So  this happened back in 2018, but started late 2017. I was having a consistent pain in my lower back and I just ignored it as pain that was normal from a 9hr sitting shift. I worked on a farm when I was younger and had a few back injuries and I contributed some of that to my sitting pains. It was no big deal I thought, my cousin has back problems from sitting so that's all it is. 

Here's the FU. I bought my wife tickets to her favorite band for a 3 night show in a city 3 hours away at the first of the year. I bought the tickets and the hotel rooms 3 months in advance. I knew my back was bad and I refused to see a doctoreven though it was against my wife's every request. Well, not thinking my bad back would be of concern. Fast forward two days before we're supposed to go on our concert vacation I slip and pull my back out slightly. I couldn't move EMS had to carry me out of my house. I was in the ER for 2 hours and the doctors assumed I wanted drugs and dismissed me. Sent me home. Two days later I was back in the ER, once again via EMS transport. I couldn't feel the lower half of my body and I had excruciating cramping. After 10 hours in the ER and multiple MRI'S it was determined that I had to have emergency back surgery to save my ability to walk. My surgery was on the day the first concert started and our vacation officially began. We missed all of it and lost our hotel deposit. My wife missed her favorite band too, and that kills me. 

TLDR: I ignored serious back pain and ruined a vacation my wife was really looking forward too."|PortPortsDad|False|https://redd.it/eit8bx|9|1.0|0|4|1|tifu
eiqf8r|2020-01-02 00:32:39|Tifu by leaving reddit open at work|"Obligatory on mobile, so forgive my formatting.

So, I'm a server, and my section had only one table sat. Being bored, and having completed my side work, I was gonna sit at the bar, close to my table and browse reddit. I come in from my break, grab my phone and open reddit. I should preface this next part by saying that I'm subbed to some nsfw subreddits. Not thinking anything of it, and just opening reddit and leaving my phone on the table to go off and do something that needed to be done, I glance back at where my phone is sitting, and see that a nsfw porn gif was playing on loop, right in view of my customers. I'm now exploding with the will to die. They didn't seem like they saw anything, so hope it goes well.

Tl;dr: left reddit open in view of my table and porn was playing on loop for a good 5 minutes.

Edit: still at work, will update if anything changes, might respond to a few comments

Edit 2: spelling"|MineFreak6545|True|https://redd.it/eiqf8r|15|0.94|0|4|1|tifu
eip0iz|2020-01-01 22:42:53|TIFU by screwing up making my own dildo|"This happened on Monday. Using a throwaway. 

So me and my best friend both make a lot of jokes with each other about dildos. We are both gay and think it would be funny if we would ever make one based on our own pieces. Luckily, the good Lord has provided at-home kits that allow you to clone your penis. 

One day I made a bet with my friend. If I would make my own dick into a dildo he would pay for the kit and allow me to keep it. As well as some extra for the trouble. I thought he was just being dumb but he was dead serious, said to consider it a ""Christmas gift"". With some thought I mistakenly agreed to this. He sent me the kit and on Monday I prepared myself for the self-made-diddler making.

I got the work station ready. My bed. I wanted to do it besides closed doors for extra security. I laid out the kit on a towel and ready the instructions to make sure what I was doing was right. It seems so specific and I didn't know what I was getting into, but fuck it right?

I cut the plastic tube I got to be a little longer than my dick. Then what I had to do was get a mixing bowl and mix the powder with a certain temperature of water. I hobbled downstairs and awkwardly used the cheap thermometer to check the temp. ""Good enough"", I decided when it reached 90 degrees. I brought the water back to my room and locked it again. I was ready for the quick fire things I needed to do to get this thing working. 

What is important when you are alone...doing this...is that you need to keep it up so to speak. You have no one to help. So I put some adult film on and...worked myself up. Tried my best to stay excited when deep down I knew this was ridiculous.

The moment was here for me to show my quality. This kit would not beat me. I poured the water and powder into the mixing bowl and set the timer to the 45 seconds. I stirred until it beeped, took the tube, and started pouring the mixture. 

In my confused haze I was in I realized I was pouring it and it wasn't settling in the tube. Odd. I thought I just didn't aim the bowl that well. I adjusted my position and poured more, the bowl eventually empty, and nothing in the tube. I looked inside of the tube. 

Turns out it was the part I cut off that had the open two ends, not the part that had the bottom I was supposed to use. I sat there staring at a mess of epic, hardening proportions sitting on the towel and on my sheets. In that moment I regretted my decision and thought about the weight of my idiocy. Well, guess it is time to clean up.

But the fucking up wasn't over yet. I cleared up the lube I was using and the pieces I threw away from the kit went into the bag. I was left with a towel and sheets with hardened, white, putty like mixture all over. The sheets were not that touched and would be easy, but the towel....

In my foolishness I thought this mixture was dissolvable. Not thinking that it was water and powder already and it just got thicker over time. I took this towel, with OTHER towels I needed to clean anyway, and idiotically threw a whole load into the washer. Problem solved, no sweat!

When I opened the washer at the end of the cycle, in my horror, I saw hundreds of variously sized pieces of white putty mixed with towels. Again I realized my dumbness. Why did I think this would be a good idea? I took out the towels and SHOOK them out on the floor, flinging white putty all over the floor. Why? I do not know. 

The regular towels were salvageable, but the towel under the kit still had copious amounts of putty stuck to it. I tried shaking it off or pulling it, but towel came with it. In my defeat, I threw away the towel, started drying the other towels, and started sweeping the floor. It took me a good 20 minutes to sweep the floor and pick out the putty from inside the washer. The whole time me talking with my best friend and him snickering at the whole mess. He said the money was worth the price of the event alone. I definitely learned a lesson to not take all the ""presents"" bestowed upon you. Remember kids! 

Well...at least I got a vibrator out of it...

TL;DR: Made a bet with my best friend I could make a dildo from my own dick at home. Poured the hardening mold mixture down the wrong tube all over my bed. Turned out I almost ruined my towels, washer, and floor.

Edit: Pictures of some of the damage. 

[the bed ](https://i.imgur.com/cyOcPjY.jpg)

[the floor ](https://i.imgur.com/JLpv1hg.jpg)"|throwawaydildo6969|True|https://redd.it/eip0iz|22|0.82|0|2|1|tifu
einovi|2020-01-01 20:59:12|TIFU by forgetting that we had paused the tv|"So, this happened yesterday. Last year actually. Last decade even!

Jokes aside, here's my FU.

I was celebrating New Year's Eve with friends and family. We were watching something on TV, but had to pause it, as someone had to go to the toilet. And here it begins. 

We forgot to go back to live tv, after the program had ended. We went on with our night, played some games, ate some food, and then it was almost 12. I saw on my father's watch, that it was only 3 minutes left until the new year. Excited, I said we should turn on the television, so we could see the countdown live, like we did every year before this. 

However, the countdown said it was still 7 minutes left... but the fireworks outside had started. Finally we discovered that we had to go back to the live TV, we did, and it was 00:01.... I had missed the turn of the decade.

I guess I didn't have 2020 vision, yet.

TL;DR forgot we had paused the tv, and missed the turn of the year."|vicarynn|False|https://redd.it/einovi|24|0.78|0|6|1|tifu
eiphs7|2020-01-01 23:19:12|TIFU by eating a pot brownie|"So first things first, Happy New Year, Reddit.

Like most people, I (F20), went out to see fireworks yesterday with my bf(M29). Everything was beautiful and good, we lit up some of our own and then decided to go ahead and have a couple of drinks with friends. One of my boyfriend's best friends owns a music studio and was throwing a party there to which we were invited to.   
As we walked in, there werent many people, everybody was talking, making music or eating. As we were removing our clothes this guy with dreadlocks game up to us with like this big box of chocolate cupcakes. We both took one and I wondered if it could be something a little more than a cupcake, i took a bite before asking and yep! You could taste the weed as you bit in straight away. Now, I didnt care because i had always wanted to try one of these, so i finished the cupcake and went on with my life. Everything was going really good and smooth, almost an hour in and i was feeling tired, i decided to head home was having a good high so far. Got a cab and went off. As i got inside my house, i started to feel anxious. My head was ringing, heart beating fast and i was having trouble breathing. I had had panic attacks before but none like what was about to follow when the damn cupcake hit me with full force like a fucking massive train going at full speed. Soon after I was shaking violently, feeling the earth's gravity pull me in every way and I was sure i was going to die. I spent an hour Googling and realized that i was having an acute panic attack, making sure I wasnt going to die and trying to calm down.   
This is where my mom comes in. I have had panic attacks before so it wasnt anything new, however, never this bad. So she called a doctor to ask what she can do to calm me down, the doctor, though, called an ambulance on us. So there I was sitting, in my underwear, high as a kite, waiting for the ambulance. Three people come in, two guys and a woman, ive calmed down a bit and i as i am, try to lighten the mood stating ""omg there is so many of you"". Guy is amused and answers: "" Yep, whole 3!"". So they took my temperature, looked at my pulse, did a heart film etc. So this guy asks me what I did tonight and had i consumed anything, I say no. So he goes to look at my eyes and asks me if im sure, i say yes, he asks again if im abuslutely sure and im like "" h e k n o w s. He knows im high as a fucking kite right now"" and i still say no. So they gave me some medication against anxiety and stood around me monitoring my pulse, waiting for me to calm down. Ask they were asking me questions i was trying to make complete normal sounding sentences and after 5 minutes i was trying to hold my laughter because they all knew i was high as balls but couldnt say anything. The guy who looked at my eyes keeps mentioning how i am in a good mood spite having a panic attack and i explain it with ""oh yeah i googled and made sure i aint dying before you got here"" which took me like 3 pauses to word correctly. Some of them probably questioned their life as they were trying to calm a girl, dripping balls, on a NYE. Eventually i calmed down, they left and I finally fell asleep.
So, as I am writing this it's the morning after and oh my god I am still so high, I have no idea how strong those must have been lmao. One of my friends apparently threw up like 3 times and my boyfriend was questioning his life the rest of the night and also woke up still high.   
Note to self: When an older dude with dreadlocks offers you chocolate cupcakes - never eat it all.   
Second note: I am pretty sure I have done shots at a bar with one of the ambulance guys. 

TL;DR: Ate an entire strong weed cupcake, was tripping balls and got an insane anxiety attack. Doctor sent an ambulance on me who knew 100% i was high as a kite, woke up still high.

EDIT: wording"|killerteddydollx|False|https://redd.it/eiphs7|16|0.75|0|6|1|tifu
eiqd5o|2020-01-02 00:28:24|TIFU by trying to make saliva popsicles|"It all started one day, when I saw that my spit was always foam-like, and I wanted to see what it looked like when clear. This lead to me finding a plastic cup and starting a wonderful experiment: filling the cup to the brim with spit and let it rest until all the foam disappeared, and then making a popsicle out of it.   
So scientist me started spitting into said cup for a whole day, until the night came by. The spit was still foam-like, and I hadn’t found out what color it was yet. So I decided to place the cup on the kitchen counter and let it rest until the next morning, in order to find its true color. I went to sleep eager with anticipation, until a shriek woke me up the next morning: “WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?”  
I rushed to the kitchen and I was hit by the nastiest smell I had ever experienced. I don’t know how to describe it, but it was so strong I wanted to throw up. My mother was FURIOUS to say the least, and she threw away a whole day of hard work AND I still didn’t know the true color and consistence of clear spit. Needless to say, she didn’t let me repeat the experiment.  
Thinking that my research being wasted was the low point of the day, I went on with my day, until I realized something: I could now smell, or better, taste my own saliva. I couldn’t swallow a drop of spit without feeling that disgusting odor down my throat. This went on for DAYS, I thought I had fucked up for good and was condemned to a lifetime of spit-sommelier, but luckily after more than a week, my brain decided to finally forget (or I guess ignore) the taste of spit. I regained my sanity, and I confess that from time to time a part of me wants to repeat that experiment but the PTSD is still too strong for me to do it.  


**Tl;dr:** I tried to make saliva popsicles, ended up creating a gas chamber and smelling my saliva for a week."|NeokratosRed|False|https://redd.it/eiqd5o|12|0.88|0|4|1|tifu
eiydet|2020-01-02 13:42:19|Tifu by getting exposed by my cousin|"So i was attending a wedding some time ago and 
I was feeling only becuase i was the only teenager there so in search for more  i found a girl 
After 10 minutes of talking i tried flirting with her 
BUT i was interrupted by my dad who dropped the bomb and told me that she was my cousin.
I was shocked she wasnt.The whole night i was very conscious of her and tried to make the conversation as friendly as i could 
Some days ago my other cousin which we share the same name told me that he was accused of flirting with  his cousin and was made fun of at school.So i took the blame and now to my knowledge the accusations are on me 
Now im afraid to step in my village because i will probably be called the Alabama kid 


Also i dont know if this is the right post cos my fuck up is nothing in front of the crazy posts of this community but i shared it anyway 

TL;DR flirting with my cousin ended up me getting  exposed to some of my villagers"|payforpray|False|https://redd.it/eiydet|1|0.6|0|8|1|tifu
ein2tj|2020-01-01 20:12:51|TIFU by swiping right. NSFW|"This is my first submission here so bear with me. Tagging for NSFW.
Not sure if this should be submitted to GWS or TIFU, so I'm submitting to both. Also, not a very erotic story, more of a laugh at my misfortune story. 

A couple years ago on a warm spring day I match with a decently cute girl on tinder and we talk for a day or two. She lives in a town 40 minutes away, I go there weekly to play MtG so not a big distance. She's the manager at Taco Time and says she can get me a cheesy burrito for free, I figured worst case scenario I get a free meal. I'm not working today or tomorrow, so why not. I shower, put on a tshirt and basketball shorts, go up and she's just clocking out, gets me a delicious burrito like she said. We talk for 30ish minutes, mostly her talking about this Lion King show her daughter watches, and wolves. She's really fascinated with them, tells me how the female wolf will cover the alpha's neck in the face of a threat. I learned this in middle school but I pretended it was the first I'd heard it, she was so into the subject I didn't want to tell her ""I heard that already."" She asks if I'd like to go home with her, but has to pick up her 3 year old daughter first. No problem. She suggests we take her truck. I'm skeptical but give in, leave my car in the parking lot (always take your vehicle if possible), pick up her daughter at, I'm assuming, her dad's house, proceed home.

This girl is BLASTING music. My music is loud, but this is obnoxious loud. Mostly Frozen and Moana songs, and Bodies by Drowning Pool. I hate that song, it wants to be metal, but it's not metal. But I've dealt with worse. Also, she has a fucking lead foot. Not speeding, but flooring it after every red light turns green, daughter in the back seat. I'm clutching the Oh Shit handle and tightening my seatbelt. This is not quality parenting but I didn't say anything. Driving out of town, further than I thought. Like 15 miles out on the outskirts of the next town, even farther away from home. I'm getting nervous. Drive along a LONG gravel road. Probably a mile. Totally unfamiliar with this area. If I choose to run, nobody will find me. Finally stop at a shitty trailer and says ""We're here!"" Try to look on the bright side. Obviously a big fixer upper, but no biggie.

Go inside, it stinks, place is falling apart, a portion of the ceiling is drooping from severe water damage, I can see a washing machine in the backyard full of dead weeds. No green grass at all around this place. She shows me around, shows me baby pictures, says there is no hot water, dishwasher doesn't work, there's a mom cat and her 4 or 5 kittens, strays obviously. She says it's going to be torn down next month because it'll cost less than fixing everything. I'm thinking ""What the fuck have I gotten myself into?"" Gives daughter her phone to watch some kids show on YouTube while mom ""shows me the bedroom"". Least torn apart room in the house. Clothes scattered, but at least the smell is gone. Daughter comes in, mom's phone has shitty reception, I give her mine to watch. She leaves. (Don't worry, I closed everything and anything NSFW is hidden).

Mom shows me different outfits in front of a mirror, tries this and that on, nothing sexual yet. She takes this headcloth thing and wraps it around her head and makes a very racist Muslim joke. That really didn't sit well with me so I politely asked that she please not say that. Eventually things get flirty, I make a move. I'm thinking ""I'm gonna get this over with so I can get the hell out of here."" But because her daughter is in the next room, mom couldn't get a babysitter, the stench of the place, the cats that keep coming in and out, the entire place half destroyed, and wondering in the back of my mind if I'm going to be ambushed by a group of crackheads, I couldn't get it up. She nonchalantly asks if I could massage her lower because it's a bit stiff. There's cream on the dresser. I massage her for a bit, ease down her yoga pants, go down on her. We hear daughter yelling ""Mommy,"" I slip her pants up and daughter walks in. Her video wasn't working so I fixed it and she leaves. Back to business.

Strip her down completely, still barely getting a half chub. I'm trying to think of hot porn scenes, at this point she starts to go down on me (tell her it's performance anxiety), but I keep thinking her daughter is gonna walk in or a bunch of crackheads are gonna come up behind me with my shorts around my ankles. I keep my shoes on, you know, just in case I have to run. Converse are super convenient btw.

Her daughter does walk in again so I panic and cover myself and lose any blood flow I had. She asks where mommy is (she's under the blanket sucking my flaccid dick) but I say mom's in the bathroom, she'll be back in a minute. Daughter leaves. Mom never stopped sucking. This girl is a freak and it's not hot. Can't get hard enough to put a condom on. But eventually hard enough for penetration to work. This takes maybe 30-40 minutes to reach. In my mind I'm crying, ""I just wanna go home."" I'm scared but I bite the bullet and go in raw, I just wanna get this over with. Alright, this is nice, gotta a good rhythm, not so bad now. 

Heat of the moment maybe 10 minutes in she pins me down and I ask what she wants. ""You wanna know what I want?"" She sits up, looks me dead in the eye and says she says she wants a child. Give her a baby. Pregnancy hormones will send her horniness through the roof. WTF?! I lose all blood flow. Again. I have to get the fuck out of here! Push through all the bad thoughts. 

We're doing doggy style now. Out of nowhere she says ""Yeah, be my alpha wolf."" Where the shit did that come from?! Whatever, I'm almost there. I feel that little tingle. Finally! She says she's close, don't stop. Too late! Pull out and finish on her back. I'm sweating.

Find a cloth and clean her off because I'm a gentleman. She asks me to eat her to finish. Sure, I love going down, and it's only polite. I'm going down for 5 minutes, eyes closed. She has shitty wifi so can't watch porn. Next thing I know there's this bright light in front of me. I open my eyes and she's recording me! I'm panicking, thinking I did not consent to this, I am very uncomfortable right now, please stop! Whatever, just one more thing to wade through.

Keep going for a couple minutes, my jaw is getting tired. She pushes me off and sighs in disappointment, didn't finish. I nervously talk and mention I should probably get home, it's getting late, but try not to be rude about it. Get daughter, take my phone back, lots of missed messages from this and that person. Daughter has no shoes. Did she have shoes in the first place? I don't know. Thinking this is terrible parenting but have to bite my tongue. I carry daughter to the truck while mom gets booster seat ready. Off we go!

It's dark by this point. It's a bit chilly but I'm sweating while listening to more stupid loud Disney songs. Happen to look over at gas gauge. Almost empty. By this point mom is singing along to epic rap battles of history. Again, not my thing. Finally make it back to Taco Time parking lot. Parked right next to my car. Home plate is right within arm's reach! She shows me two more epic rap battles. The last one was Lady Gaga vs Cleopatra. I don't leave too abruptly. Don't wanna be rude. Rap battle finishes. I say I should go, I had fun, she says consider her offer [of knocking her up, we'd be exclusive fuck buddies]. My mind screams ""Jesus Christ, no!""

I ask if she has enough gas to get home. Says no, will probably run out halfway then she and daughter will have to hitchhike home in the dark. FUCK. ME. I pull a 10 out of my wallet, simply say ""Get home."" In my mind this wasn't a ""I want you to get home safely"", this was a ""Here is $10, I never want to see you again."" Leave truck, get in my car, turn on AC and loud heavy metal to drown out all the thoughts of everything that transpired up to that point. Breathe deep for a minute, start the car, drive home feeling super grimy and disgusting. Take a hot shower. Go to bed.
I wonder if I should have called Child Protective Services....

TL;DR 
Matched with a girl on tinder, got the wildest adventure of my life, never want to relive it."|belovedhorrifier|True|https://redd.it/ein2tj|25|0.6|0|19|1|tifu
eikpad|2020-01-01 17:14:18|TIFU by burning my manhood with almond extract|"This happened last night, which is New Years Eve. I was going to attend a party, and I wanted to bring a dessert or something because why not. The problem is, I had this idea 40 minutes before I was supposed to get picked up. 

Frantically searching the internet for quick dessert recipes, I found simple homemade peanut butter cups. I'm happy with this because you're just adding melted chocolate with peanut butter in a cupcake liner. The longest part is waiting for it to firm up in the fridge.

So, I rush to the cabinets because I know I have a lot of bakers chocolate, and I yank the door open. A glass bottle of almond extract tumbles out, shatters on the counter, and proceeds to spill its contents all over the front of my shorts. 

Now I'm pissed because i broke the bottle and spilled it all over myself, but I start cleaning it up. 

While cleaning the floors, I start to feel a tingle from the land down under. So much of the liquid had landed on my crotch that it soaked through all of my layers, and my twig and berries starts to feel like a group of almonds began stabbing it with thousands of needles covered in ghost pepper oil.
I Sprint to the bathroom and strip down until I look like Winnie the Pooh, and start washing my meat in the sink. By the time all is said and done, the dong has turned a shade of scarlet reminiscent of a concentrated sunburn. 

Needless to say, I did not make the peanut butter cups, and i proceeded to have my crotch sniffed by 2 dogs and a cat for the rest of the night.

Happy New Year's.

Tl;dr - almond extract makes for a night of burning passion with any household pet"|astrophysical-v|True|https://redd.it/eikpad|46|1.0|0|9|1|tifu
einzzm|2020-01-01 21:22:04|TIFU by commenting on my friends penis|"So, this happened today, just now actually. 

My friends and I decided to play a strip version of Cards against Humanity, the rules of which are: if you win, you win as normal, but if you have the worst card as chosen by the judge, you have to remove an article of clothing. Why would we do this you ask? We’re in our 20’s, and make dumb choices. 

Well, my friend, who is Jewish by heritage on his mother’s side (this will be relevant in a moment), lost rather quickly, so he became the first one among us to be completely nude.

Well, our other friend who bravely decided to host, says she would rather not have a penis in her face. So he moves away to remove his underwear, and set it with the rest of his clothing. he then walks back over after setting his underwear down, and all I can say is “You know (Friend), I would have thought of all people, you would be circumcised.” Since ya know. Jewish. 

His reply? Out of all the smart ass comments I know he would usually give back? Is a literal one.

“I am”

Cue the REDDEST my face has ever been. 

So yeah, that’s my fuck up of 2020 so far. 

TL;DR: Don’t comment on people’s dicks."|Gvineprotoge|False|https://redd.it/einzzm|21|0.96|0|5|1|tifu
eixzfe|2020-01-02 13:03:33|Tifu by telling my roommate's gf about a movie my roommate watched an year ago.|"OK so all three of us were sitting in my room and it was almost midnight, and suddenly my roommate's(Jack) gf(Jill) asked to me if I watched XYZ movie and how it is, and instantly I said "" Ask Jack he has seen the movie"" she asked to Jack when did he saw the movie and why did he went to watch the movie alone and didn't asked her. Jack tried to change the topic and gave me THE LOOK and I didn't thought of it much and told Jill that we watched the movie last month. Then Jill asks who is WE. I said me, Jack and Paul. The moment I said Paul, Jill lost her shit and I saw Jack's face and I knew I fucked up!.
They went to there room and were arguing for like half hour and after another 30mins Jack came to my room to sleep. He said to me I shouldn't have said anything and I said I didn't knew it will blow up like this and we were just laying in bed and later Jill came to my room and said to Jack to come back to his room and Jack won't move or speak a word and Jill kept getting furious and kept shouting at him for like 10 min and I was laying there thinking why the fuck do I had to speak after Jack gave me the look and then Jill stormed back to her room and i asked Jack what's the matter why is she so furious and he told that Paul and Jill had a fight few months back and she hates him and since I went to watch the movie with him she is furious about it. And then Jill came back to my room again and I think it was like 5 in the morning and said close the door she is going to her place her Uber is outside and Jack immediately stood up and asked her to stay and all but Jill didn't listened and went away and after that Jack went to his room.

I know I fucked up big time and at this point I don't know what I should do. Its the first time I had seen Jill so fucking furious I didn't even knew how to react.
( To all those wondering why Jack agreed to go for the movie with Paul is because Paul is our senior in college and I bond well with Paul and he called me asking if I want to go for a movie and i agreed and I said i have a friend if I can bring him along and Paul was like yeah cool and I asked Jack if he wants to go for a movie with a friend of mine and also he is our senior and Jack agreed nd when we reached Paul's place both Paul and Jack were kinda shook to see each other and I sensed something is wrong but i didn't thought of it much and since Paul is our senior Jack wasn't able to say no for the movie infront of him. )


Tl;Dr - My roommate went for a movie with a guy his gf hates and she found about it through me and they are about to break up."|md_asmar|False|https://redd.it/eixzfe|1|0.53|0|9|1|tifu
ein0xj|2020-01-01 20:09:00|TIFU by taking an antihistamine for allergies the day after taking an antihistamine for sleep.|"Most of you might guess how this is going to go, but actually it's the opposite of what you'd expect.

All my life I've suffered from insomnia, normally it's a pain by manageable. The problem arises when I need to be up early in the morning.

Thankfully I've found a useful sleep aid, a first generation antihistamine called Doxlylamine Succinate. It's incredibly effective, with the not insignificant downside of pretty intense next-day-drowsiness.

Anyway, I've been using it from time to time, once a month or so when needed and it's been great.

Downside is, the recent fires here in Aus have been setting off my allergies, so tonight I took a different first generation antihistamine called dexchlorpheniramine. Normally this can ALSO cause drowsiness.....

Except in a small number of people, taking it after a different antihistamine leads to paradoxical insomnia...

So it's now been over 16 hours since I took the medication and I haven't slept in over 40. By now, judging by its half life, it should be out of my system, yet I literally cannot sleep. 

I'm tempted to take a sleep aid, but I reckon if I tried it, I'd probably end up with the ability to time travel, yet remain unable to sleep.

**TL;DR:** 

I took a medicine for hayfever too close to a medicine for sleep, the interaction has left me unable to sleep for over 16 hours, I've now been awake for over 40 and it's awful."|Xenton|False|https://redd.it/ein0xj|19|0.95|0|9|1|tifu
ej3rec|2020-01-02 20:30:13|TIFU by doing a prank. (GONE WRONG) (NOT CLICKBAIT) TL;DR at the bottom|"Well, Not clickbait was true. This prank went pretty badly for me. Its not much, but for me, a nice and innocent kid, I am SUPER stressed...

This story takes place a few weeks ago (Yes I know, this is TODAY I screwed up. We will get there) Im 12 years old. About to turn 13. I know, pretty young. But that's not the story. A few weeks ago, I heard news from my mother about a teacher that was gone for a while. She told me that she would no longer go. I asked where she heard this and she replied with that she saw it in an email. So I wanted to find it, but I couldn't. I asked her to show me it. It was a NOTE saying that she wasn't coming back for a while. But naturally, I was curious, because I'm a stupid 12 year old. I recreated the entire thing using inspect element, then screenshotted it. (No, I dont blame my mother. It was entirely my fault) I sent it to a close friend that I will not name here. He wasn't responding, so I told him it was a joke. Well, it was too late. He called the principal and asked about it. I dunno what else happened. Fast forward to Jan 2, 2019. I finally get out of winter break. During class, I was asked to come to the office. I was told to head to the principal's office. I get in and lo and behold, the screenshot. He asked if I knew anything about this. I told him yes and told him the whole story about how it was a prank. Eventually, at the end, he told me that I would have an ISS tomorrow. (In school suspension) My brain couldn't process what was going on, and I didnt ask him anything. I'm just trying to hold back not breaking down in front of him. 

Anyone know what to do for a event like this? Cause I will be screwed because I have literally no clue. I'm not attending classes and instead getting someone with me to watch me. Anyone had this happen to them? (the ISS part)

TL;DR. Idiotic kid fakes an email from school and gets an in school suspension

Ill keep you updated what happens tomorrow. And I'm willing to talk in the comments about this."|DunktorMayo|False|https://redd.it/ej3rec|0|0.33|0|4|1|tifu
eimyc6|2020-01-01 20:03:46|TIFU by accidentally putting my used condom in the laundry for my wife's whole family to find|"This is 100% true and happened just a couple hours ago.

My wife and I have been married for just over a year now and it's been amazing, She is the best thing to ever happen to me! Her family is very well-rounded and they get along with me fairly well, especially her mom who was my best wing-man with her :) My wife got a her IUD removed a few months ago because it was messing with her mood, so we recently switched to condoms. 

So we are at her parent's house with her whole family for Christmas and New Year's. Two nights ago we made love and for some reason she pulled the condom off me with the towel we laid down on the bed and wrapped up the towel. Amidst the passion and sex-fueled amnesia, we forgot that the condom was in the towel and went ahead and put it in the communal laundry basket. Forgotten.

Fast forward to today, she and I are lying on the bed playing word games to relax for a minute. When all of a sudden, we here her mother giving a loud, uncomfortable, painful, and unceasing moan from downstairs. Her mom has a funny sense of humor so at first we thought something silly happened, but it continued until we were genuinely worried. Then we heard her little brother from downstairs shout, ""EW WHAT IS THAT?!"" My wife abandons the game and runs downstairs to check out what's going on. Then I hear my wife screaming. Then more screams, until five people are screaming at what I have yet to know. Then finally someone says, ""IT'S A CONDOM! WHO'S CONDOM IS THAT?!"" Then it hit me. It was my condom. My used, slimy, two-day old condom in my mother-in-law's hand for everyone to be disgusted at. I didn't leave the room, what could I possibly do or say to make it not the most awkward thing ever. I was mortified. 

An hour later I'm writing this, still haven't said a word or made eye contact with her father. SO embarrassed. Thank goodness we're leaving to go back to college tomorrow.

&#x200B;

tl;dr : at my wife's family's house and forgot about a condom we accidentally put in the laundry. Two days later (today)  her mom pulls it out and freaks out enough for the whole family to see. Everyone knows it's mine and I'm so embarrassed I want to die."|striped_sweater12|True|https://redd.it/eimyc6|18|0.92|0|10|1|tifu
eimunx|2020-01-01 19:56:33|TIFU by posting a picture of kink books on FB|"I was having a blast on NYE and taking photos with everyone. Later on in the night, after a few more drinks, I posted then on FB.

A couple hours later I checked my notifications and it showed my MIL commented on one of the photos. I clicked on it assuming she commented on a selfie of me and my husband. 

Nope.

Turns out while selecting what photos to upload, I clicked on a picture that displayed some bondage books my husband got for me Christmas (I had taken a picture of them to message to my friend who is also involved in BDSM).

She commented on it ""Your poor grandmother is going to see this."" I turned beet red and immediately took the picture off the album, but now I'm obsessed with wondering who else saw it. My husband at least found it hilarious, and now won't stop teasing me.

TLDR; Uploaded naughty book pic onto FB, now an unknown amount of people know I like to get freaky deaky."|randomfactgirl|False|https://redd.it/eimunx|18|0.96|0|3|1|tifu
eituxq|2020-01-02 05:19:33|TIFU by being a little ‘too’ spicy|"Tl;Dr on the bottom, lurker and first time poster, yatta yatta. Technically this happened last night but it continued into today.

So to start off with some backstory. I am currently in India (Gujarat, to be specific) but from New York. I have successfully (if you would call it that) endured 2 of my cousin’s weddings (from both sides of the family).  As me and my family left our old village, we headed into the city to do shopping. Then it comes to dinner, and this is where the FU happens.

For dinner, my family and I head over to a Dosa restaurant that my dad and mom are very familiar with. From past experience, this dosa is amazing and I always wanted to eat it again. So, we head into the restaurant and I order a Mysore Dosa and after my mom and sister eat half of it, I order and eat another one. For those who don’t know, Mysore Dosa is filled with a super-spicy chutney known you cause issues but taste really good. I didn’t think much of the Dosa until next morning, where I had this massive stomach ache. When I went to the bathroom, it felt like a burning sensation and my  ‘feces’ was red. I couldn’t get out of the bathroom for a good 45 minutes. Now, I’m pretty alright but I hope it doesn’t come back up again.

Tl;Dr - I ate a Mysore Dosa and was expecting it to be fine while in reality the results came next morning and hit me hard."|shirazzle_dazzle|False|https://redd.it/eituxq|3|0.71|0|0|1|tifu
eioirx|2020-01-01 22:01:42|TIFU By eating a half bag of doritos|"Happy new year, reddit.

So this happened a few years back.

I was visiting my mums place for the holidays and as per tradition, I always stop at the grocery store to pick up my own snacks on the way in because she never has anything good to eat.

I grabbed a bag of sweet chilli doritos (my favorite) out of the shopping bag on the drive from the store to mums place and started snacking, ate half the bag and put it back. 

Fast forward a day or two and I was sitting on the couch watching TV and was feeling hungry. I got up and went to the pantry, grabbed the half bag of doritos and jumped back onto the couch and started devouring the tasty little corn snacks until I hit crumbs and shards at the bottom. I looked into the bag to scoop out the rest and saw what I can only describe as a serious infestation of ants.

I sat and starred into the bag in horror and disbelief as I came to the realization that I had just consumed a shit ton of argentinian ants. I panicked and ran to the kitchen sink and gulped back 2 glasses of water. 

Afterwards, i discovered her pantry had a further shit Ton of the hungry little guys in the middle of a raid.

Safe to say I ALWAYS check the open bags I grab from the pantry, these days.

Thanks for reading!

Apologies for grammar and format

TL;DR Ate a half bag of doritos and realised it was  infested with ants and got traumatized"|pabadacus|False|https://redd.it/eioirx|11|1.0|0|5|1|tifu
eitm3v|2020-01-02 04:57:35|TIFU: I Hit my Teacher.|"Hello I am new here I have been listening rslash onyoutube about stories from here. Heard the story about someone slapping their teacher's ass. When I nusted out laughing about my story. Just thinking about this makes me laugh.

TL;DR at the end

Let set the scene here: 
This was back in 1996/1997. How this classroom was set up was when you walk in to the classroom to the left was a long black counter with cabinets under neath for the teacher with the blackboards (3 sections) covering most of the wall with more that you could pull down from behind 1st set of blackboards, striaght ahead was windows and a few cabinets, and the right was more but thinner cabinets and another blackboard. Then in the middle of the room was basically 2 rows of 4 long tables that could easily sit 4 - 5 people, with just enough room for at least the teacher and maybe another student walk around. I  was in science with 2 of best friends, well we knew everyone class, luckily our teacher is a cool guy, he let us just sit and talk during class most of the time. Our main thing to pass was to make a rocket that we had to launch at the end of the year. 

Well anyways. One day the 3 of us were up in the front by the counter and the door talking about talking our poutines (thats right you heard me this dish is a big deal in Canada it contains of French fries, gravy, and cheese ""my school used shredded Mozzarella cheese"") to grannie's (my grandma who was wheelchair bound and loved it when we came over. We miss you so dearly R.I.P) house. I was leaning on the counter with my right arm on the counter. After about a good 10 mins standing like that, we are still talking. I shifted my weight and moved my arm to between my body and the counter. At this point I wasn't aware that our teacher has literally walked up behind me and stood there he didn't say a word, and surprisingly I didn't hear him walk up to us.  And no one said anything to me either. 

Well when I shifted my weight to lean back against the counter with my arm down I guess I moved my hand (backhanded) slightly back and guess what? I hit our teacher right in the groin. All I hear was at this point is the class going dead silent and the teacher saying, ""ouch! That hurts. My face was beat red I turned to face who I hurt. I apologized. Of course it was hard to when everyone was laughing including the teacher. I only lasted in that class a couple more days. I couldn't face that teacher without thinking of during that and laughing.

To this day we still talk about it from time to time.! 

TL;DR: I hot my 10th grade science teacher in the dick. Thanks everyone for telling me Hahaha."|GothicUnicorns|False|https://redd.it/eitm3v|3|0.7|0|0|1|tifu
eiuv7x|2020-01-02 06:58:01|TIFU by not filling my fish aquarium up with water|"Let’s set the scene. It’s the end of October 2010. I’m 20 years old. My mother had found a boyfriend and had left me in the apartment she had leased for a year. The lease was up at the end of October. 

I decided to stay up all night on October 26th to play Halo Reach. I played and played and played. It was tons of fun. I finally decided to stop playing at 6:30 in the morning. I went to my computer and started making music that morning then also. Finally it had turned about 10am and I was finally going to get some shut eye. 

As I go to lay down on the sofa, my phone starts ringing. I look and it’s my mother. I answer the phone and she says, “Hey what are you going to do about your living situation?” 

I said, “I don’t know what to do.”

She said, “well the movers are coming to empty the house on the 30th. Make sure you have all your stuff packed up.”

I was like, “Yeah, sure, whatever. “

She said, “I love you, sweetie.”

I said, “I don’t even know if you do.” Then hung up. 

Finally time to sleep. As I started finally turning my brain off, there is a knock at the door. I sighed and got off the sofa and headed towards the door. I opened the door and low and behold, there’s three police officers and 3 paramedics. 

I said, “uh, how can I help you?”

The hillbilly lady cop said, “Your mother called us up for a welfare check on you.”

I said, “Yeah I’m here.”

She said, “Can we come in?”

I reluctantly said, “Yeah come on in there’s nothing going on here.”

The cops walk around the house nosing into things. The lady cop realizes the fish tank is getting low on water. It was still filtering water through the pump though. She says, “Can you fill this fish tank up with water?”

I stood there and replied, “Umm I leave in 4 days. Those fish are going to be living else where. Plus the water is still filtering.”

The cop pointed at a bucket under the window sill. She said, “Look there’s a bucket right there. Just fill it up.”

I stood and thought to myself, that bucket is full of ac condensation water and I pissed in it a couple of times too. I said, “I can’t use that bucket, it’s full of ac water.”

She scoffed and said, “That was a test, you failed it. You can either come with us to the police station or go with the ambulance to the hospital.”

I replied confused and shaken, “I don’t wanna go pay for an ambulance ride, and I definitely don’t want to go to jail.”

She said, “It doesn’t matter your dad and step mom are on their way here to get you to go to the hospital.”

What have I done to deserve this!?!?

Ultimately got taken to the hospital. I was put through crisis. I failed there too and ultimately got sent to a psych ward. Later that night I showed nurses in the bubble my abs and the one nurse said, “If he shows me his stomach he must be gay.” Then him and an older lady nurse run out of the bubble onto the floor. They shove a pill in my mouth and pour water in my throat and choke me out to get me to swallow it. I woke up the next morning with a bandage on top of a cotton ball, on top of a shot injection in my hand. All of this for not filling up a fish tank. 


TL;DR My mother was moving out of her apartment I was living in. I didn’t tell her I loved her on the phone. I answer a knock at my door. Cops and paramedics did a welfare check on me. The lady cop asked me to fill my fish tank up with water. I refused to fill it up. I then was taken to the ER crisis unit and ultimately sent to a psych ward. I was force fed pills and everything. FeelzBadMan

Here’s to a better decade!"|millermillion|False|https://redd.it/eiuv7x|1|0.71|0|4|1|tifu
eir2ux|2020-01-02 01:25:09|TIFU by throwing up on my crush's apartment wall|"Hello reddit. Here's my fuckup. There's this girl that I have a crush on.. Day before party we were talking and I asked her what her plans for new year's eve are. She told me she is having party with few friends at her place and invited me... Jackpot you can think right? Maybe just maybe I can impress her and do basically anything except fucking up right? So I arrived at the party. I was little late and people were already a little drunk. And I got this brilliant fucking idea that maybe I should drink a little faster to be on same level as them. Mistake... Few hours in and of course my stomach had enough of my bullshit. Because I was drinking too fast I got more drunk than the rest, and I threw up (of course you fucking idiot). And as the title said, I missed a toilet a threw on a wall a little. So good fucking job on trying to impress her. So don't drink fast people.. Or don't drink at all..



 TL;DR: threw up on my crush's apartment wall because of drinking too fast"|Idontknowhowtodrink|False|https://redd.it/eir2ux|5|1.0|0|4|1|tifu
eiqu4b|2020-01-02 01:05:35|"TIFU by letting a ""friend"" sleep over and almost getting arrested in the process."|"🐾English isn't my first language so I apologize for any spelling errors. 🐾

Obligatory: This happend a while ago. 
Side note: This ""Friend"" of mine will be referred to as a fuckup or FU in the further text. 

I met this FU a few months ago before this whole ordeal went down and we hit it off right away bc of similar situations about broken relationships and rather... different parenting because of us being gay. We shared similar thoughts on both subjects plus having similar taste in TV and stuff like that really helped. 
A few weeks prior, my parents announced that they would be leaving for the weekend and ofcourse I saw this as a perfect opportunity to invite him over to my town to hang out but he asked if he can spend the night because he can't come sooner than in the evning and usually me being the one who asks people if they want to spend the night and getting negative responses I was thrilled. On the day of my parents departure I thought to myself ""It's time to have some fun!"" and BOY WAS I WRONG.
I picked up this FU in the evening near my hometown to go for a drink and then we went to my place. 
We drank and listened to music and started talking about things that hurt us or made us angry. I offered him a hug and he took it so I thought he wouldn't mind further hugs (relevant for later). After a bit of of liquor and long smoke break we had to use the bathroom. I let him go first because I tried to be nice and because fuck it, he's my guest and I tried to pour myself another glass but accidentaly dropped it so I had to clean up after myself. By the time he was done I was only half finished cleaning. After that I really had to use the bathroom so I went and when I came back this FU and his stuff were gone, which seemed weird since thing were going nicely from my perspective. I checked every room in the house thinking he wanted to turn in for the night but I couldn't find him anywhere. And this is where shit hit the fan.
I, being drunk, started full blown panicking, texting and calling him to no avail. He was pretty drunk, past midnight, in a city he didn't know at all, so I was worried sick. I tried to reach him for hours until I had to charge my phone, which is when I fell asleep. 
Next morning I sat on a bike and went to a spot where he had supposedly arranged to be picked up and driven home when a common acquaintance told me this FU went to the police and pressed charges for indirect death threats and sexual assult. He claimed I tried to force myself on him (by kissing, not anything of overly sexual nature)and threatened him. Of course I went straight to the police station where I've learned I'm a suspect in the investigation and I was read my rights (which is a lot scarier and a bit different than you see on TV) and had to give a statement.
Now I'm waiting for the verdict whether I'll have to go to court or mediation will be assigned for both of us.

Update: The case was thrown out due to lack of witnesses, contradicting statements and involvement of alcoloh (from what I've gathered).

TL;DR: Was home alone and invited someone I, considered 'friend' for a sleepover. He bails on me in the middle of the night and next day I learn he filed a police report against me."|Strychnine47|False|https://redd.it/eiqu4b|6|0.73|0|8|1|tifu
eirnwl|2020-01-02 02:12:31|TIFU by showing my wife a charcuterie spread, she ends up with a loose front tooth|"Happened a few minutes ago. We’re both a few martinis in, watching Oregon receive their Rose Bowl trophy, craving some food after a long New Year’s Day, I’m browsing reddit and come across an AMAZING charcuterie spread.  https://reddit.com/r/pics/comments/eip4qd/my_friend_made_quite_the_charcuterie_board_last/ 

Of course I hold it up to my wife to show her (no sense suffering hunger alone! I may have also suggested adding featured lady as a second wife). Just then, my three-year-old son decides to do a diving leap into our laps, directly head-butts my phone, which then goes straight into my wife’s front teeth.

Cue screaming kid, moaning wife, loose front tooth, happy new year y’all. https://i.imgur.com/s0x0Xpv.jpg

TL;DR yummy meat spread = wife’s tooth ded"|sckego|False|https://redd.it/eirnwl|4|0.75|0|4|1|tifu
eilpe9|2020-01-01 18:30:54|TIFU by being too lazy and thus missing my flight|"Sooo, i arrived at CPH airport(denmark) very early from Toronto for a connection flight back to Amsterdam. Haven’t slept the whole flight from Toronto to CPH so i was really tired.
Still had 4 hours left, but guess what. Kept browsing reddit while sitting next to the gate.

Well, now we have one hour left and im tired af so i just slept, woke up and oh gate is still open,
No worries, left to go to the toilet. Washed my face and got to the gate. Hmm why is it red, WTF  closed??
Me: Excuse me, can you please let me in?? I just missed my flight.
Woman: no im sorry, gate is closed
Me: but but...
Woman: they are taking your luggage out already, im sorry.
Me: realizing i just fucked up real bad by going to the toilet for 2 min.

Went downstairs, waited for my luggage and had to book another flight back home costing me 150 euros.

And now in just sitting here in Copenhagen denmark waiting for my next flight the next morning 9am.  Waiting 17 hours, great...

TL;DR : slept while my flight left and had to stay the night in copenhagen."|Xiaomi12|False|https://redd.it/eilpe9|17|0.85|0|8|1|tifu
eip0tr|2020-01-01 22:43:32|TIFU by almost dying in my sleep|"Well since the pain of existence is bearable now I figured I’d write this one up, on mobile so I apologize if stuff gets out of place. 

For me yesterday was New Year’s Eve and me and folks got wasted. Playing music together singing songs and just typical shenanigans. In my infinite wisdom I had half a bottle of tequila, a couple ciders and a number of champagne flutes. The fireworks went off we all cheered then went to bed. I stumbled to the bathroom and threw up some then went back to my bed and the lights went out. I woke up on my back, covered in vomit. I mean just drenched. There was vomit spray about 3 feet around me in all directions and a huge mostly congealed pile around my neck (kinda like those airplane pillows (sorry for the visual)). 

By some freaking miracle I didn’t suffocate in my sleep. Woke up to a mess and one hell of a hangover but I woke up. Might be wise to cut down on the liquor intake. 

TL:DR drank a lot and woke up covered in my own vomit instead of dying in my sleep"|CountCockula001|False|https://redd.it/eip0tr|7|0.89|0|7|1|tifu
ei34ox|2019-12-31 13:54:48|TIFU by letting my brother do horrible things.|"This happened a while ago but I am still feeling the consequences now.

This particular FU is spread across many years and it may seem like background info, but is actually portraying a pattern of my failures as a mentor. It’s quite a story, however, I have to admit. 

(TL;DR at bottom)


Me and my father (my mom had put me up for adoption when I was young, he wasn’t my biological father, but he was the best dad ever) and a couple friends were vacationing out of our home country. We had rented a car and were in a remote desert town and it broke down. We needed a part and we went to the local market, hoping to find a replacement. The owner was very stingy and refused our payment but his employee was helpful and nice. He was very young (probably about nine, the child labor laws were very different from what I was used to), but he did his best. Eventually he had convinced his manager to listen to us. After a very long and trying period of haggling and deal making, we got our part, but my father was torn at the fact of leaving this young man behind to work hard hours and be paid very little. We were extremely religious and this impacted our decision.

We consulted his mother. His dad had never been around, and she told us he was extremely gifted, and that he could grow up to have great success if he could get out of the country. We had suspected this but she confirmed it. She wanted him out of there so she said her goodbyes and I gained a new brother. 

A couple weeks after, my father was involved in a freak accident and tragically and suddenly passed away. He told me in his last moments to raise my brother and that he had total faith in me. I was scared that I would let him down, but I eventually put this behind me. 

Years passed, he had grown into one of the most blessed and well-known men in our religion. (gonna keep which one a secret for privacy reasons) and he knew it. He was still a good guy at heart, but I could tell he was getting a little too prideful. We were closer than ever at this time. We were with each other at all times, we never fought and I loved him very much. 

There was a time where for some reason it seemed like everyone was against us, we had messy dealings, we had people try and kill us because of our faith, and we lots of friendships were made and lost. One of which being a very influential political figure who we trusted very much. As I later found out, my brother and her hooked up quite often and eventually got married without my knowledge. There are rules in our religion that forbid this, but he ignored them.

I was blind to the path he was walking on. He eventually started becoming friendly with a man who slowly and quietly tried to make him join his cult. This cult was evil and only sought to kill people of our faith. This person told him that he would become very powerful if he embraced their beliefs, more powerful than anyone he had met before. But this would mean he would have to abandon everyone he loved except for his wife. He was told that his wife was dying and that this cult could save her. He fell fast and hard, and after that me and everyone who had helped him become so faithful became his sworn enemies. Eventually him and the leader of this cult decided they wanted to finish us once and for all. They burned down all our meeting places and all but 3 known people survived. Me, the leader of our faith, and his right hand man.

He ran. He took his wife (who was pregnant with twins, and who had told me his whereabouts) and started rambling about grandiose plans to become important and powerful. I walked in on him physically assaulting her. I tried to reason with him but he was too far gone. It came to blows, and because both of us had extensive fighting training, the fight was long and hard. He was wounded very bad but he survived. I have decided to live my life watching after his kids (who thankfully survived) and hope that I do better leading them in our faith. I failed my brother and now he is brutally injured and is sworn to kill me and his children. I didn’t prepare him enough and now my consequences have arrived. 

If you are reading this brother I have something to say. I have failed you, Anakin; I have failed you. You allowed this dark lord to twist your mind, and you became the very thing you swore to destroy. You were the Chosen One. It was said you would destroy the Sith, not join them. Bring balance to the force, not leave it in darkness. You were my brother Anakin, I loved you.



TL;DR: I failed Anakin as a master and now he has become Darth Vader and is hellbent on revenge."|MacklinOfficial|False|https://redd.it/ei34ox|2881|0.8|6|184|1|tifu
eigm27|2020-01-01 09:35:14|TIFU by accidentally posting my heavy mental health rant on my snapchat story|"TW for eating disorders? Also, I'm from Europe so excuse the spelling mistakes. 

Some backstory: I (16f) have been diagnosed with depression and and anxiety. I also have had an eating disorder for years, but it's undiagnosed. 

I only have a few friends (12 who are on my sc story), and most of them were asleep when I posted it. I meant to send it into a groupchat with two of my best friends in it. 

The rant was about how during the holidays I've been forced to eat a lot, and overall my other health problems like being s*icidal. I also told how my weight has varied up and down for the past two weeks (I'm 58kg [~127lbs], but during the holidays I gained 3kg [6,6lbs] and lost it almost immediately).

I guess I out of habit clicked the story instead of our groupchat. 6 people saw it, I know it doesn't sound like a lot but these are people I see and talk to everyday that didn't know about my condition.

I deleted it after being up for probably an hour, and then posted a text saying ""For everyone who saw my previous snap, I accidentally posted it here out of muscle memory lol. I talked about pretty heavy stuff about my mental health but please don't bring it up, I'm fine now"" 

TL;DR: I accidentally posted a really heavy rant about my eating disorder getting worse during the holidays, and half of my friends who didn't know about it, saw it."|ttaimi|False|https://redd.it/eigm27|61|0.92|0|5|1|tifu
eimf78|2020-01-01 19:24:51|TIFU by googling things from from an Ask reddit post of things you should never google. [Nsfw]|"Hi, my name is Darko and I'm a GoreWhore. Well, at least I used to be. I always had a morbid curiosity since I was a kid and it slowly grew to the point where I would routinely spend hours on Liveleaks, have sources send me footage of shootings as soon as they were available and generally just be a disgusting human being. My GF was slightly into it at the beginning of our relationship but quickly realized I had a problem. It took me a while, but I eventually realized she was right. It was changing me, making me indifferent to tragedies and heartless. I decided it was time.

I started slowing my consumption of the really hardcore shit, stopped opening links my friends sent to me and eventually was able to pretty much stop altogether. I told my gf I was done forever and obviously she was super happy and proud of me. Life is good.

Well over the holidays, I'm out of work so I have had time to browse reddit quite a bit. I ended up on an Askreddit thread about things you should never google, and I was like right on this should be interesting. After your run-of-the-mill Harlequin ichthyosis, blue waffle and other such things that any veteran interneter has undoubtedly stumbled upon countless times, there was a dreaded blue link: ""Nikki Catsouras"". It linked me to an article about her death, and at the bottom of the page there was a picture of her mangled corpse exploded over the remains of her dads car. 

Fuck, I just relapsed. 

I quickly closed my phone and went and played RDR2 to drown my shame. It seems it works pretty well, because hours later I had completely forgot about it and hadn't opened my phone since. My gf doesn't have a phone, so she asked for mine to call her mom. Me, being a good man, USUALLY have no reason to not let my GF on my phone, and being busy blasting O'driscolls off my front lawn at Shady Belle, happily obliged and tossed her my phone.

""What. The. Fuck. What is wrong with you? I thought you were done with this shit?!""

Fuck. I tried explaining to her that it was the bad blue link's fault, not mine and Reddit is a bad man, but she was having none of it. She kept saying how disappointed she was and that ive probably been lying all this time about giving it up, ive just got better at hiding it from her. Well, obviously not because I'm a terrible liar and the one time I actually did it I got caught.

She's still not talking to me and I'm pretty sure I saw her looking up therapists in my area. Fucking blue links...

TL;DR: Had a problem with watching gore, told gf I was done. Bluelink on reddit thread had different plans for me."|DarkoEnterprises|True|https://redd.it/eimf78|10|0.8|0|17|1|tifu
eiy3px|2020-01-02 13:15:14|"TIFU by ""auto inviting"" me at the family's lunch of my ex boyfriend and making a bad impression"|"Yesterday was the new year's eve and I casually met my ex boyfriend during a party, we've been together for 4 years and I broke up with him in a very quick and drastic way, now I'm 19 and he is 22. It was around 4 am and both wanted to fuck, but the circumstances were not the best, so we decided to meet again the day after (1st January) to go to his house and have sex after almost 2 years that we broke up, totally wrong decision.
 He was sure that the house was free because his parents were at a family lunch but, surprise! The family lunch was at his home and there was like 20 people that were waiting for him, he walked in with me and every fucking one at the table was staring at us like ""WTF is happening here"" but nobody said anything because that was extremely embarrassing for everyone, I think. In 4 years that we spent together we never made a family lunch like the one we had to attend in that moment. I acted like it was all normal and almost everyone did the same, his parents were very kind like nothing happened during this 2 years that I didn't saw them at all, now I was at their family lunch without even hang out with his son. 

However, in one way or another we finish and escape the lunch, go to his room upstairs and smoke weed, without caring of open the windows because the time of having sex was finally arrived. After two hours all his family was still here and I had to go home, we were both high and messed up, once we go downstairs the scene is also more embarrassing than before, everyone notice the smell of weed and sex that gets out of the room and this time we are not so lucky, also being high didn't help much, they start yelling at us for the no respect that we have, fortunately only for the smell that got all upset for the presence of children in the house. Now they will remember me like a thoughtless, nice way to start the year.

TL;DR I went to my ex boyfriend's house to have sex and unexpectedly meet with all his family, had an embarrassing moment during lunch and after smoked weed and had sex, they discovered us and get very disappointed."|milena10|False|https://redd.it/eiy3px|0|0.38|0|7|1|tifu
ehzu2p|2019-12-31 07:44:42|TIFU by evading a police manhunt|"Since some of you have asked about the story I will provide one.  It's a long one so strap in.

This wasn't today, but was about 15-20 years ago.  One of my good friends was having a party.  This guy threw epic parties that would last weekends, so it was always a good time.  This being in the middle of nowhere USA the event was outside in the middle of the woods, we pulled up our vehicles, pumped up some tunes, and started to drink(it's important to note that I rode with my friend).  Had to have been about 30-40 folks there at the start.

We lit a bonfire and settled in for a night of underage drinking, death metal, and other miscellaneous debauchery.  Most folks had left when the taps ran dry but the core friends were still there hanging on til the sun washed over our faces.  This was the norm and we generally would sober up and go home.  Just before 1am we ran out of beer and decided to make a beer run to town.  It wasn't far and we got there without issue.  My friend went in to buy since he was already 21 and then huffs it out to the car to put in the trunk.  The whole time he's doing that, I noticed the town cop drive past the gas station we were at and is heading in the same direction our party was.  He wasn't speeding but I still had an odd feeling.

Typically small town cops don't move from their speed-trap space unless they have a 100% verified incident going on or they're picking up coffee/dinner.

Before we left I mention what I saw to my friend and he tries to call his gf who was still at camp.  No answer.  Calls again on the way there. No answer.  We were not far from the camp at that point so he pulls over and we start to discuss our options.  We had to have been talking for all of 10 minutes when over the hill ahead of us, we see the familiar red and blue lights coming right at us.  My very inebriated friend decided to throw the car into reverse and is driving backwards on this straight loose rock backroad.  As we're backing up, we see another police car coming up from behind us.  There was no escape.

My friend yelled for everyone in the car that's not 21 to get the fuck out and run.  He was left alone in the car at that point.  It was smart of him to do this, a DUI isn't that bad compared to the contributing to the delinquency of a minor multiplied.  I jumped out, we were surrounded by corn fields, so I just took off into the field.  I had no idea where I was at, what direction I was running, or where in the fuck field ended.

I ran in far enough to feel comfortably hidden but not far enough that I couldn't see/hear what was going on with my friend.  The cops rolled up pretty quickly and did their thing.  I couldn't catch everything but I knew they knew there were more people in the car.  Someone at the party must have mentioned who/how many of us left.  I must have sat there for over an hour as they processed him and called a tow for the car.  I watched them open and dump the beer out of the trunk in the ditch.  Wasn't long after three more squad cars rolled up.  They get out with their lights and start combing through the field.  They started shouting out our names as they were walking through.  That was when I knew I was fucked.

Luckily it was a breezy night, so it was easier to get through the field.  It was also easy to spot where they were at/looking because they **had** to use their flashlights.  Slowly, they started making their way towards me.  About 10 feet away, the light stops and I hear, ""Come on out son I see you layin in the dirt"".  So that left  just me and one other friend out here possibly.  At some point the other officers joined in the search.  I kept slipping deeper and deeper into the field and tried to keep at least 10 feet between us.

At some point I became uniquely sober.  The alcohol had wore off but the adrenalin was keeping me awake and alert.  I was wet and cold and had to take a piss.  I thought about just pissing myself, but being arrested and covered in piss didn't sound like a good time.  As we moved back and forth, I wondered how bored these country cops were and how long they would look for me, I mean these guys **had** to have a shift change at some point soon.  I was so fucking wrong.

We kept playing cat/mouse, I dare not run for it for fear they would hear me run. They kept calling out our names and telling us they just wanted to take us home.  I heard a couple more cars pull up and some more people get out.  Then, I hear that distinct bullhorn *whooeep* sound, and then a voice booms across.  It was the county sheriff and he warned us that if we came out we would just be taken home, but if we made them keep searching that they would call our folks and they would arrest us.  I knew this was a weak ass attempt to make their jobs easier and they would arrest us regardless.

I was really afraid of their threat to call my parents though.  I wasn't a bad kid, because I knew there would be repercussions for bad behavior.  The trick to being a *good* kid, is not get caught.  It didn't look good for my record at the time.  I knew I had to get home soon, and the sky was starting to lighten up.  I knew as soon as the sun was out I would be royally fucked.

I continued to move my way deeper into the field, at some point I couldn't hear them anymore which meant they couldn't hear me, so I sprinted til I hit train tracks.  I figured they wouldn't be looking for anyone on the tracks and if I heard a train I would duck and cover.  I walked down the tracks back into town to try to get a ride from another friend to my house.

I was close to the edge of town and was walking up to the first rail crossing.  Who just so happens roll through, none other than the sheriff.  By that time, the sun is out and I am clearly visible.  He just stopped on the tracks.  I'm far enough away that I couldn't see his face but he can clearly see what I was wearing.  There was zero hesitation and I bolted off the tracks into the woods.  I sprinted as fast as I could in the best direction I thought my house was in.

Now, if you haven't ran through the woods before you may not know how dangerous it really is.  This isn't just a romp through the forest.  This is a mad dash of survival, hopping over downed trees, through running creeks, getting slapped in the face and throat with saplings, and getting caught on sticker bushes.  I was very lucky to not have ran into any coyotes or snakes either, but I'm sure they wouldn't have fucked with me with how fast I was booking it.

Soon I began to recognize the houses of neighbors then the backroad behind the field that's behind my house.  I felt like I was almost home-free, I hadn't seen another soul since the tracks and I could see the roof of my house through the trees.  I thought I should be cautious going up to my house for two reasons though.  One, the police might be waiting for me there already. Two, mom.

The house I grew up in was set way back off the main highway among a grove of trees and enveloped with fields.  Only one of these fields was typically used for corn, the rest were usually soybeans or alfalfa.  I walked my way around the perimeter and was looking for anyone other than family and there in the driveway sat the sheriff, right next to my car.  Dad was right outside his window talking to him.  I knew I was fucked, but only with mom and dad so far.

I made my way towards the back of the house where I knew nobody in the driveway could see me.  We had a back patio, but the door was off to the side and would have most definitely gotten me caught.  I tried opening the living room windows, no luck.  I tried the basement windows, nope.  I tried mom and dad's bedroom window, bingo!  At that point I just wanted to hop in the shower and was willing to get reamed by mom to do it.

I climbed in through the window as quietly as I could.  After I was on carpet, I just stopped....and listened.  No sound in the house.  The TV wasn't on, it was almost as if nobody was in the house but me.  I slowly tiptoed over to the door and cracked it open and listened again.

My mom told me it was ok to come out. Their door opened up into the living room, so I had no idea what I would find on the other side of that door.  I remember taking a deep breath and just accepting my fate, and swung the door open.  There sat mom, alone on the couch. I remember her talking about how worried she was, and how she was glad I was ok and that we were going to talk about this later but I needed to go take a shower and change my clothes.  It was an odd request at the time, but she wasn't yelling at me so I didn't question it.

I go take my shower, and stuff my clothes into the attic.  I remember it was almost 11am and I looked out the window and I saw the sheriff was still outside, but dad wasn't out there anymore.  Mom and dad yell for me and I came out to them.  They both told me how disappointed they were in me and that this will **never** happen again(spoiler, it didn't).  After that, they told me I was home all night playing video games and that I was never out last night.

My dad and I walked outside up to the car and the sheriff asked me all about where I was last night and this morning.  I told him the *truth*, I was home playing video games all night long.  He said he had eye witnesses that I was out at a party along with about a dozen other officers that were out looking for me that say otherwise as well.

I stuck to my story.  Told him which games I had played and even what I had for dinner/snacks.  I even told him what shows I watched on TV while I ate.  It was a fucking miracle, after a hard 45-ish minute grilling he cut me lose.  Told me he's got nothing on me other than a couple drunk kids that say I was there.  He had already validated my story with my dad before.

As we were walking away, he rolled his window down and told me that if I had been out there and they would have found me, and that this would have been a bad morning for my parents.

I didn't get off that easy.  My parent's took away my license for almost a year and I was only allowed to go between school, home, and work.  I also bailed so much hay that season I'm still fucking itchy.

My friend was ticketed with a DUI and had his license revoked for a year.  The friend that was caught got a $200 ticket for underage drinking.  The other friend evidently booked it home as soon as his feet hit the ground outside the car.  His parent's never knew and he got away with it.

And that's how I survived a manhunt.

TLDR: Got drunk, got busted, hid in the corn fields of BFE America and got away with it.

EDIT:  I want to thank everyone for the awards and comments!  It means so much to me to hear that so many people found enjoyment from this post!  I'll try to answer as many questions ask I can that have come across from many people.

Q: How were there cellphones in early 2000s in such a rural area?  
A: This was around the same time that a small company known as Tracfone began to flood the market with the Nokia 5125.  The monthly cost was pretty low, so most of us that worked had them.

Q: Why did the police invest so much into finding you.  
A: Not really ""me"".  The group that I hung out with was well known for throwing some boisterous parties that were generally a nuisance for any of the locals.  Looking back, I figure they were doing it to send a message that the party was over(surprise, it wasn't).  The friend that got the DUI continued to throw the best events, after-all you don't need a drivers license to buy alcohol, only an ID.

Q: What kind of metal?  
A: We typically started with the classics like Pantera and Slayer, moved on to heaver things like Cannibal Corpse and ease up to some heavy rock like Metallica, Muse, Dream Theater, and GSYBE.  My favorite memory of my teenage youth was waking up next to the fire, beer in hand just as Butterflies & Hurricanes by Muse began to play.  The sun was rising just over the horizon and you could smell the sweet pollen of of the corn around us.  It was so empowering and invigorating.  When I want to feel young again, I usually play that song and belt out all the lyrics I still remember.

Q: Am I a writer?  
A: No, but I have secretly always wanted to be one.  Maybe one day when I finally grow up 🕺

Q: BFE?  
A: Bum Fuck Egypt.

I think that about covers most of the popular questions.  I really do appreciate everyone making the last day of my 2019 the best day of the year, you all ROCK! 🤘"|thewurstunicorn|True|https://redd.it/ehzu2p|11519|0.96|13|582|1|tifu
eik1no|2020-01-01 16:20:48|TIFU Wasn’t prepared|"I went out last night to celebrate new year, stayed at a friends house and got my period without being prepared even though I thought I would be starting soon.

So last night was New Year’s Eve, I was working because I had no real plans, it was double pay and we could drink for free afterwards. So after midnight and all the customers have left, the staff, including me are all drinking and having a good time. 

Around 4 we decide to go out to a casino, and we stayed out until around 6, as we had walked quite far away from where I worked and in the opposite direction of where I lived, I stayed at my friends house.

My friend kindly gave me some spare clothes as pyjamas. We went to sleep and everything was fine, until I woke up, and I realised, my period had started overnight, and I had bled on the clothes he had let me borrow, luckily I didn’t bleed on the bed and I managed to take the clothes to wash without telling my friend.

What a way to start the new decade. Now I’m just dealing with the cramps.

TLDR: I went out, stayed at a friends house, got my period overnight and wasn’t prepared."|throwaway9tu24dxy|False|https://redd.it/eik1no|12|0.9|0|4|1|tifu
eiqhiu|2020-01-02 00:37:35|TIFU on first tinder date, couldnt get it up, went to her toilet 10 times and jacked off|"Finally got my ass of the couch and went on a tinder date. Spent most of my adult life in a relationship that recently ended so this is all new to me. Meet this sweet girl at a coffee place and hit it off with some good convo for a few hours. After the place closes early in the afternoon she asks if I wanna go back to her place to meet her cats. I wasn't expecting this cus she seemed really serious.

We take my car to her place and go up to her apartment. We sit in the couch and she asks me what I wanna do. I'm a bit confused but suggest drinking wine. She looks at me and says ""so you're expecting to sleep here? you can have the couch"". I'm fine with that. I just think it's nice to hang out and not be lonely for a night. We drink some wine and when I lean forward she freezes like im about to kiss her and it looked really funny so I started laughing. She did aswell and after that we started to make out, quite romantic. So far so good. Well actually perfect.

We make out for a while and I start to feel her up. She say's she doesn't screw around on the first date and I tell her she shouldn't do something she would regret while undressing her. This is where the problems start happening. At this time this girl is dripping, but my wiener is fairly dead. We keep going and I carry her to her bed and start the act, raw dog. After 30 seconds of heaven my wiener is completely dead, it has given up. Now this has never happened to me before and I start to panic.

We stop the act and she smiles at me and says some food would do me good. She now cooks food for me in order to get me going. She cooks food for me to get my dick going. WTF? Anyways we eat the food and it's goddamn tasty. At this point my balls are hurting bad. I've been working out like crazy lately and taking some bad supplements that I now realise have fkd up my sex drive and hormones.

A chain reaction starts happening and I feel dizzy. I go to the toilet for like 3 times in 20 minutes and she starts to look at me strangely. We snuggle for a while and then go to bed together. I'm not performing this time either. During the night I can't sleep. I go to the toilet several times and at one point actually manage to get my wiener up so that I can jack off. I figure it's worth a shot to get it going. Needless to say it did not help one bit. In total I think I visited her toilet atleast 10 times and I probably gave her atleast 4 different excuses as to why the wiener wasn't working.

Morning comes around and now she is expecting big time. I have some wood but not strong enough to give her what she wants so I end up making her come by other means. She said she usually doesn't come but the 10 hour foreplay probably helped. We drink some coffee and I leave. I beg for her number on tinder before reflecting about what just happened, she isn't answering.

I now realise she must have thought I was completely fucking retarded, which is accurate to say the least. Could've had insane good sex for 10 hours atleast but instead this shit happened. So yea.. tifu.

TL;DR Managed to score a pornmovie date from tinder but could'nt get my wiener up and paniced/screwed up big time by going to bathroom 10 times and acting like an idiot."|randomguy2136|True|https://redd.it/eiqhiu|2|0.6|0|6|1|tifu
eijucd|2020-01-01 16:03:21|TIFU by learning that there is a high probability that I received something I shouldn't have through the mail and transported it.|"I wasn't sure where to post this I was thinking r/confession but it didn't seem to fit with the rules there also this only came to my attention late last night, so technically it seems to have been unfolding to the best of my understanding for about a year now.

A little backstory. The company I work for has a handful of locations in different towns/cities around me that are in plaza's and not standalone buildings. This being the case, our locations used to be other businesses so it is not uncommon for us to receive mail for the old businesses that were in our slots before us. We have no contact for those individuals and it is mainly junk so it is discarded. One of our locations used to be a coffee shop, so as you can imagine, from time to time that location receives coffee samples from companies that want the old now defunct shop to sell their product. Nothing strange about that and like said it happens from time to time.

That being explained, step back to about a little over a year ago. A small box arrives via USPS one day as I am working. It was simply addressed to our address with no recipients name so I figure it's part of an order of merchandise for us and proceed to open it as I have done countless times now. It's not a part of an order, it turns out to be a 1 pound bag of coffee beans, (extra points for anyone that can already see where this is going..) and it was good coffee at that imo. 

I put two and two together and am led to believe it's just another sample for the old shop and think ""nice, free coffee"". I proceed to tell my manager who in turn tells me to enjoy it (in my mind, this rules out it being shipped to them since I don't think they would have just told me to take it, but that's more important later to prove they had no part in this.) Later that week I bring this bag of coffee to the house of my best friend that I have known for close to or over 13 years. I can comfortably say that I know him and his family extremely well and what they do and do not tolerate under the roof of their home (also important.) We open the SEALED bag of coffee, comment on how it smells pretty good and proceed to put it into the cupboard and forget it.

Last night my friend messages me and tells me he finally felt like grinding the beans and enjoying the coffee which was fine since I had long forgotten about it. He enjoyed it and I knew it was a good brand. All was fine and well. Until he asked if the ""metal pieces in the bag were for moisture or some other purpose. I was immediately alarmed and asked for a picture of what he was talking about. The picture he sends is of a half gram THC cart. I mentioned that I knew him and his family very well. None of them use carts, this I am sure of, substances of that nature are absolutely not allowed in their home, nor would they bring someone into their home that may bring these things into it. They are very careful folks. I don't have a problem with weed or anything like that, but I don't use it myself. This being explained about his folks, I feel that I can safely say that this was not placed in the bag after I brought it to the house. 

I told him to dump the bag since it had obviously been tempered with, this led to the discovery of 3 more half gram carts which appeared to have been in the bag of beans for quite some time. Being that there were 4 carts, and the fact that they are not very cheap where we are located, then it would make sense if they were stashed there that the person who did it would have come back for them. They were all new. From this, in my mind with all of the stated facts, I am led to believe that I received THC carts hidden in a sealed bag of coffee through USPS and then transported those items unknowingly to the home of my best friend thereby putting us both in potential danger, myself in possible legal trouble if I had been stopped and searched for some reason had they been found, possibly federal trouble since it was sent thru the mail, and the possible hell that it would have caused for my best friend had his folks found them instead of him which I would be devastated about. Thankfully the only negative outcome of this SO FAR is the anxiety (something I'm fairly unfamiliar dealing with) of what could have happened. 

TL;DR I am quite certain that I received drugs hidden in a bag of coffee thru the USPS, transported them, and possibly caused a lot of trouble both federal and otherwise for both myself and my best friend of 13 years."|no-trace|True|https://redd.it/eijucd|13|0.64|0|16|1|tifu
eilx2w|2020-01-01 18:47:13|TIFU by going out for NYE and a free champagne toast.|"TIFU by going out with my partner and friends for NYE and having a champagne toast.

So, as the title suggests, I went out last night for NYE with my partner and friends, the 5 of us in our late twenties but still liking to go out dancing.

We went to a pretty popular bar in my town that has a fun DJ and lots of dancing, and the cheapest cover. By 10:30 it was PACKED. Way over capacity. But did that deter us? No way.

We eventually got drinks and made it to the dance floor right by the DJ - worst. idea. ever. Apparently that area was prime real estate for people walking through with drinks in each hand, and people dancing and making rounds on the floor to find the best spot.

As expected, it got to the point where we were shoulder to shoulder with others dancing, bumping into each other, drinks spilling, noise makers being thrown. Just a sticky, grinding mess of people. One rowdy group in particular behind me kept bumping into my arm and my drink, causing me to splash and spill several times.

This was made more stressful by the addition of the bar handing out free champagne in cute little glasses on large, round trays. I managed to finesse glasses for my group and as I was grabbing mine, a young lady walked past me trying to sneak by. As she was walking past, my arm was bumped by the grinding group behind me and I spilt the champagne all down this girl’s arm.

Total accident. But to an intoxicated twenty-something, thems fightin’ words. She was Furious!! She turned to me and screamed “You did that on purpose bitch!!” And before I could say anything - splash, her drink all over my face, hair, shirt, skirt, and where it didn’t hit me, my group got too.

She stormed off before I could say anything, apologize, try to clear up the misunderstanding. To be honest I wasn’t even mad, I just felt shitty about the whole thing. Her night probably ruined because to her some jerk spilt a drink on her, and my night sticky with alcohol. 

We ended up staying because, well, we were there and it was almost midnight. And I wanted to stick it out for my friends and partner. So, midnight kiss with no champagne toast for me. And the rowdy group ended up getting kicked out.

I think next year I’m just going to stay in.

TL;DR dancing in a packed bar leads with free champagne leads to me spilling my drink on a poor stranger leads to me getting chewed out and having what smelt like a gun and tonic thrown all over me. Bye-bye 2019!"|BrittanySpeard|False|https://redd.it/eilx2w|6|0.89|0|5|1|tifu
ei3myu|2019-12-31 14:39:34|Tifu by kissing my sons finger better.|"This was actually a few months ago. Also apologies in advance for bad formatting, I'm on mobile. 

For background I have a toddler with slight additional needs and at the time was about 7 months pregnant with the new kiddo.

During my pregnancy I got quite bad morning sickness on and off throughout the whole thing, I had one afternoon where it was particularly bad, so settled down on the sofa, toddler was being an absolute pain and I had the bright idea to give him a bag of small chocolates, to distract him while I waited for my stomach to settle, get caught up on reddit or whatever crap I was reading at the time.
My toddler has additional needs and has always been really behind with his speech, his word of the week was ""sore"" and he'd spent the majority of the week pointing to his arms, his face, his hands and whatever else saying sore so that if kiss him better. When he reaches his hand over to me and says sore about his finger, I kiss it without thinking about it - then the smell hit me. What I thought was chocolate on his finger was actually shit.
My lovely, angelic looking child had had a majorly awful bowel movement, stuck his finger straight in it and got me to kiss it. I grab the closest thing to clean my mouth with - a baby wipe, and scrub at my mouth and get ready to tackle his nappy, but the whole time all I can think is about how human shit has just touched my mouth, which as I'm changing him causes me to heave until I vomit all over the floor, which in turn causes me to wet myself due to heavy heaving in advanced pregnancy. I don't think I've ever felt so gross in my whole life. 
So yeah, the moral of the story is never trust a child with chocolate hands.

TLDR; Kissed what I thought was my kids chocolate covered finger, turned out it was shit, in turn threw up and pissed myself."|lucozade_throwaway|False|https://redd.it/ei3myu|1255|0.96|1|68|1|tifu
eimgqe|2020-01-01 19:28:06|TIFU by not being the best I can be|"Hello reddit, using a throwaway because I have friends that browse this page, this like many others did not happen today, but it was more of a spam of a long period of time, I'm not entirely sure when it started, I want to say the past 6 months, but it feels like it's been for the couple past years. Also pardon if I have grammatical errors or my sentences seem to be all over the place, it's very hard for me to communicate what is on my mind most of the times. 

I was in what I thought was a happy relationship, I had good friends and a decent social life, I had goals and aspirations just like anyone else, and I really thought everything was fine. Turns out it wasn't

A few days before Christmas, I went to a friends gathering and had a blast, everything was going amazing and everyone seemed to enjoy their time overall. After it was time to go home, I hop into my now ex girlfriends car and we go get some food because we were both hungry, while we are parked eating she starts talking to me about how she's having a self realization and was thinking about her life a lot and her current state and proceeded to say that she is not sure about how she feels towards us anymore and how she doesn't want to keep lying to me and pretend like everything was fine when in reality it wasn't. Long story short, she wanted to break up for many reasons, one of them was because I was not treating her how she wanted to be treated, which I do not blame her for feeling the way she did, I think she deserves someone that treats her exactly how she wants and deserves someone that can fulfill what she is looking for in a partner. We kept talking on the way home but I could not handle how I felt at all, it didn't help the fact that I was planning on proposing to her and even had a custom ring made just for her, I do not blame her for making her decision because she had no idea what I was planning on doing. We talked some more the next day and started telling me how everyone has told her that I've been coming out as a bit aggressive towards her and everyone else and they wanted to make sure if she was happy in the relationship, she also mentioned how I was acting towards all of our friends and it was not positive, how I kept dismissing them or how I said rude things to them. The problem is that our friends are friends that I always had since childhood and we would act like that towards each other all the time but we weren't serious about it and we knew that we were joking with each other. They never said anything about it either and never brought to my attention that I was in fact hurting them. We even had an agreement that if we were acting out to tell each other. I got so used to it that I didn't realize I was doing it in a malicious way according to her.

Here comes new years and my friends go to my other friends house to celebrate, I ask if I can swing by for a bit because I know my ex is having a party at her house like she does every year with her family, so I thought it be good to at least spend the night at my friends house. Turns out they were going to leave soon and go to my exes house instead. That news devastated me, I was currently with my mother spending time with her and after reading what they sent me I did not enjoy my time anymore, it didn't help that it was confirmed that they didn't go to my exes house as soon as they said they would and in fact went right after new years hit, it made me really depressed at the fact that they didn't even want to hang out with me for an hour. They all knew what happened and they kept telling me that they'll ""be there for me"" and that ""I'm not alone"" but it seems that when I just want them to be there, no one is willing to give the time for me. Even though I've been there for them countless of times on very hard times. This new years I spent it in my car alone crying to myself, because I had no idea what else to do.

It really made me reflect on how I have been acting towards everyone, on how I've fucked up so bad that not even my friends want to talk to me. How everyone that I cared for I seemed to push away, not intentionally but it was enough to prone people to cut me off. All I have is myself to blame and nothing more. All I can do now is to look and move forward and better myself as a person. I'm really sorry to all the people I hurt, and I'm especially sorry to the one person that decided to stick with me for 6 years. I can't express how bad I feel and I don't think it matters at this point.

Tl;Dr fucked up so bad I lost all my friends, made a 6 year relationship end, and was completely alone for new years."|emptynessaslunch|False|https://redd.it/eimgqe|6|1.0|0|5|1|tifu
eir17e|2020-01-02 01:21:31|TIFU by eating pizza|"Well, it wasn't today. New years eve. It was a good night, my cousin had some expensive bb guns. My other cousin tried to shoot himself in the arm. He shot directly at the glass table in his room and shattered it everywhere.

We ordered takeaway at around 1 in the morning. What kind of takeaways are open at 1 in the morning? Bad ones. We stayed up all night and walked into town in the morning to get another table. 

It hit me on the way back, everything was about to come out of me both ways. There is nowhere open on new years day, so I had to walk all the way back. It was agony.

We finally got back and I unloaded. After I was finished, I looked around. No toilet paper. I messaged my cousin to bring some from the other bathroom. He came downstairs laughing, kicked open the door and handed me some fucking wrapping paper.

I told him I wasn't using that and made him go to the shop. I said nowhere is open on new years day. So I waited nearly an hour for him to find somewhere that is open and come back.

I then had to ring my dad to get him to take me home. I was going to spend the day with him but I couldn't because I was dying. 

Tl;dr Got food poisoning and everything else had to go wrong."|not_grognak|False|https://redd.it/eir17e|2|0.75|0|0|1|tifu
eiorxt|2020-01-01 22:23:07|TIFU and almost dated a popular YouTuber|"This began two weeks ago, but only came full circle today. It's not the end of the world, but enough to share here.

Being 24 and female, it's never been difficult for me to hookup with a guy but it's always been on my bucket list to date someone who is ""famous"". I'm not talking about celebrity actors mind you (not that I would complain if I had a chance with Joe Manganiello) but more on the level of a YouTuber or Twitch streamer. Don't ask me why, I don't really know myself, but it's something I fantasized about. And I almost had it.

There was this YouTuber, two years older than me, that I was really smitten for. He had a decently large channel (400k+ subscribers, videos with over 500k views, very reputable in his genre) and had a voice that could move mountains, at least for me anyway. I don't want to name the individual, because I know this guy didn't do anything wrong and I don't want to smear his name. At the end of the day, this is my FU and I can see that now.

So two weeks ago, I was pretty drunk and just surfing the web when I had the craziest idea. I would confess my feelings to this YouTuber with an anonymous account and see what happened. Honestly, I didn't expect a reply and was more so excited about getting this off my chest. So I sent the message, and roughly an hour later, I got a reply.

To keep this brief (I relate to individuals who don't like reading entire novels here), we hit it off pretty well and immediately switched to Skype to continue. Things were going well, we were getting very intimate and going pretty fast, when I started to feel the alcohol taking extreme effect. The rest of it was a blur, but I will say the next day I found myself on the couch with the pillows all over the floor.

After proceeding everything and reading over the messages, I felt embarrassed and unable to decide what I would say next to this guy. To be clear, we didn't go as far as to video call or trade nudes, but enough was discussed that I was admittedly ashamed. I wasn't normally that open  and while it clearly worked with him, I couldn't be sure Inwould be as confident. So I eventually just left it on the back-burner for the next week. With Christmas coming up, it felt easy to ignore it and tell myself it was something I would deal with another day.

So it's December 29 and I decide to finally respond to the guy on Skype. But to my surprise, he had now blocked me on Skype. I sent him an e-mail, bu never got a response. I sort of just let it sink in and moved on. I wasn't emotional about it or distraught, I realized I probably took too long and lot out. Oh well.

Well today, on his Instagram, everything came together. I guess in the days following my absence, he started talking to this other girl on social media and even met up in person.They even had a New Year's Eve selfie together and it was pretty obvious they were now dating.

Again, I'm not too torn up about this. The guy had been single for over a year and probably wanted love in his life again. Maybe my initial messages with him reignited that desire, which led him to finding this girl. I think whatever I had with him would have fell through regardless since I lived nowhere near him and we would have had to be long-distance. Does it suck that I didn't get to even sext with him? Yeah, I won't lie that I wish we had. But hey, that's life.

TL;DR: Wanted to sext with a YouTuber, found an interested YouTuber, only to lose out on said YouTuber due to my embarrassment."|the2020throwaway|False|https://redd.it/eiorxt|3|0.57|0|4|1|tifu
ehxmj9|2019-12-31 04:11:16|TIFU by leaving my vibrator on the ledge of the bathtub.|"
As the title clearly states, I left my portable pink bedazzled vibrator on the ledge of the bathtub. 

Hours go by, I’d forgotten all about it. 

Then it happened. 

**KNOCK KNOCK**

My bedroom door opens and my 10yo daughter is standing there holding my little ol buzzy buddy in her hands stating that my 12yo stepdaughter had found it when she decided to use my bathroom for her bath. 

My Kid: “She said it was some weird massager thing”

Me: “Yep, it is! Thanks for returning it!”

[my kid awkwardly walks away leaving door open]

My SO: “Babe, you must be embarrassed! That’s so embarrassing!”

Me: “SHUT YOUR GODDAMN WHORE MOUTH, IM POSITIVELY MORTIFIED”

Stepdaughter: Walks past our bedroom at the speed of a fucking disabled sloth with a devious grin on her face. 

She locks eyes with me. Proceeds to wave and walk past the door without ever losing eye contact. 

Stepdaughter has done this now 4 times. 

I’ve been informed she sent a photo of it to her BFF to identify what it was. *They know.* 

I’m packing my bags and moving to the fucking moon.

TL;DR left vibrator in bathroom. Kid found. Kid returned. Kid is now silently judging me. I’m moving off planet."|_Gngrsnp_|True|https://redd.it/ehxmj9|30891|0.86|5|1340|1|tifu
eijg3z|2020-01-01 15:27:05|TIFU by puking in friend's father car|"I am 17 years old and we had a new years eve party at my Friends house. You can already assume what we were doing, I am not going to go in depth about it. Today when I woke up, I did not feel anything, I felt like I don't have an hungover or anything like that.

So the gross part comes here, my friends dad come here to pick us up, everything was fine until like 15 minutes in, I started sweating and I wanted to say that ""we need to stop"" but at that point it was too late. I know its my bad that I should have been more careful but I felt really fine.

The very embarassing thing about the situation that it left stenches on the car upholstery and I know that it will not be an easy job to clean it up.

Im very very embrassed even thinking about it. I apologized but I know a word wont solve a situation like this. I dont know what to do

TL;DR. So, I was hungover and puked in my friend's fathers car which will not be easy to clean."|Gregoriblazs|True|https://redd.it/eijg3z|11|0.78|0|6|1|tifu
ei4j7f|2019-12-31 15:50:58|TIFU when i turned down a first kiss|"Edit: Thank you everyone for your support, i appreciate it. Happy New Years Everybody! :)

Me(16M). So its now new years (Jan 1st 2020) in most of australia. This story takes 30min before 12am. I am an introvert most of the time and i hate getting put on the spot. So i am just leaving from a food stall and walking to the beach so i can watch the fireworks. (Now keep in mind i have never had a gf.) So im walking and I am very tired so i am lacking in focusing. I hear someone say ""Hey you want a new years kiss"" and i turned around and realised the girl was talking to me.  This girl (looks about my age, good looking) just smiles at me and I realised that i could of took my shot. But now im back at my airbnb regretting not saying yes and now realising i am single for life :|
Sorry for any bad grammar or spelling, im typing it at 1.37am so im kinda tired.

TL:DR
A cute chick asking me for a new years kiss but i froze up and declined it has to be my biggest f up. I have never had a kiss or relationship."|redditfanb0y|False|https://redd.it/ei4j7f|746|0.96|0|133|1|tifu
eil677|2020-01-01 17:50:23|TIFU Me(27M) misses very obvious signs(in retrospect) that a women(32F) likes him|"Obligatory this didn't happen today but on the 29th of December, and English is not my native language. TL;DR at the bottom.

Some background, I am not at all experienced with women, I have never dated anyone and have only been in love once which was/is a pretty messy situation. My mom and dad recently got divorced and my mom asked me if I want to come visit her over Christmas, I said no since she lives in a very cold place and I like warmth. She then suggested why don't we go on vacation together somewhere warm and this is how we ended up in the Dominican Republic on an all day Snorkeling trip on the 29th of December, our last day there.

Since we arrived sort of late at the boat me and my mom couldn't sit next to each other, so I sat next to Nice Girl and her son. We don't really talk much during the trip out to the spot where we snorkel out of the boat, but there was this guy from the company that organized the trip showing her and her son a lot of attention, I got the impression that she was not very comfortable with it.

So fast forward to snorkeling place, we had a bit of small talk, and since I really like being in the water as soon as we stopped I jumped in the water, and was on my way looking at the fishes after about 15 minutes I get to annoyed with one of the flippers I got since it kept falling off so I returned to the boat to exchange it. While on the boat she asked me if the water was cold, I replied no but she still seemed a bit unsure so she starts touching my chest, to feel my temperature, or so I assumed. I just assumed this was some odd cultural thing she is from the Ukraine while I am from Switzerland. I replied it is probably easier if you just put you foot in the water to know how warm it is, I gave her some tips on the currents and where I had seen nice things. She seemed convinced and started getting ready to go into the water. I of course jumped right back in as soon as I had my new flippers and went off on my own again.

Once back on the boat we talked a bit more she said thanks for convincing her and said the water wasn't cold but now outside of it, she is getting cold. We then wait a while till some others get back on the boat to get to the beach, we chat a tiny bit, and Company guy again showers her with attention. We then get to the island where we eat lunch and the beach chairs we pick are close to each other she is in the row ahead of me and my mom. Due to the different parts of the boat me and my mom were on and since I swim much faster than her we didn't talk much. So on the beach we talked about the fishes we saw.

On the island they start cooking lunch and I am going to the drink depot to get something to drink and then suddenly she is also there waiting, she asks for a coconut and starts engaging me in conversation, she asks for my name I tell her mine ask for hers and we shake hands to formally introduce each other. She ask what I ordered I reply fruit punch, to which she replies no alcohol, I say yes I don't drink she starts teasing me a bit if it is just because my mom is here. I say no I never drink and she teases a bit more then I explain my reasoning and she understands and said she also had some problems like that. She asks me how old I am, I reply with my age and ask her for hers. She then tells me so far she finds the vacation quite boring she rather likes a bit more action at times, mentions she likes Thailand since you can have both relaxing and action, but it is difficult with her son. She asks how long we are staying I say it is our last day she looks a bit disappointed. She ask what I do, I explain to her what my job is and we have some more small talk at this point the bartender asks me if I just want to stand around or order something to drink. I get my drink she gets her coconut and we walk back to our chairs together she continues asking me things and I answer. As soon as I get to my chair I start talking to my mom a bit then open my book and start reading. My mom gets hungry and wants to see when the food is ready and then yells at me saying it is ready, I tell her that it is ready and sit with my mom on the same table as company guy, she sits at the table next to us.

As soon as I am done eating I grab some snorkeling gear again and head into the water so see what fishes I can see a spend pretty much all the time in there till about 20 minutes before the boat leaves where I get out and lie in the chair to dry off. She and her son also show up shortly after and we smile at each other. At some point a boat is passing by blasting music, I was looking at the boat which was in a similar line of sight as her and as she was standing up sees me, in a very lazy way, moving to the rhythm while in the chair and she starts looking at me, smiles at me and starts dancing.

We then get into the transfer boat from the beach to get to our real boat, I was the first to get in the boat and walked all the way to the back, she is the next person to get on after me. Since it was shaking quite a bit I gave her my hand to steady her while she walked, she sat down next to me, then I helped her son and my mom also till they got a seat in the row in front of ours. Once we get to the main boat I am the last to get off by then my mom, her and her son were all sitting on a bench in the shade, since the bench was getting a bit full I decided to sit on the one across, she then asks her son to move and motions to come over so we can all sit on the same bench. I at some point get up walk to the front of the ship, to take some nice pictures of the landscape, I had a nice view from my seat but didn't want the boat in the picture, a couple of minutes after I sit down she goes to the same spot and poses and ask her son to take pictures of her. While she is up there my mom comments to me that she has looks very nice, I reply yes it is a beautiful background(yes I also didn't pick up the hints my mom was dropping), and asks me if she was a model, to which I reply no.

While on the way back we see a boat with a cool name(Why not) and we both take pictures of it talk about it a bit and each time we look at each other we smile at each other. As soon as we are back in the marina we go on our separate busses back to our resorts.

I should mention that I still had no idea, that she was into me, I only found this out while my mom and me were having dinner that night she mentions that Nice Girl liked me, since she kept looking at me and I was the only person she talked to all day except for her son. She also said she was trying her best to “avoid” me so her and me could talk. I really liked talking with her but considering how she was unhappy about the ""advances"" of the company guy I didn't want to talk to her or ask her for her phone number because I didn't think she liked me. There were probably a lot more signs that I missed that she liked me, it wouldn't surprise me, I am a huge dufus. Hope this manages to make some of you start the new year with a smile.

TL;DR - Missed the chance to get to know a very nice girl I liked because I never noticed she liked me, while she was being very obvious. Detailed description since there are probably things I still have noticed she did to signal her interest."|TIFU_DomRep|False|https://redd.it/eil677|6|0.73|0|2|1|tifu
eish0t|2020-01-02 03:18:23|TIFU by having an affair and being drunk|"It's fresh, it's dramatic...

Soooo, I was a bad person and engaged in an affair. I have a boyfriend of 12 years, and he was aware and consenting regarding the affair. The person I had an affair with...his fiance had no idea it was happening.

I fell in love, hard. It started last March. We told each other we loved one another. He said we were special. The sex...was...amazing...I opened up to him about my kinks and fetishes...it was super hot. He made me feel alive again. All I wanted to do all the time was fuck around with him and get off....

Things started to go down hill...we tried to stop fucking and were going to split for a bit then try to be friends...

Then I had a huge fight with my long term boyfriend...it was brutal. So many things said, and an empty bottle of vodka was shattered in my face...No physical harm ...

So, I left my boyfriend, obviously, as I didn't feel safe or loved...and I reached out to the person I had been having an affair with for emotional support...

I wasn't looking for sex from him, just comfort...but he made it about sex and seduced me...wasn't hard for him, he knows what I like...So, I gave in and we fucked...it was hot...but that was the last time...

We went back and forth for a few weeks, but then...he was just mean. Legitimately unempathetic and unkind with his words...

I let it go for a few days, just trying to cope with what he said...the basis behind it wasn't bad, it was more about how he said it... 

Then...I got drunk.... really. fucking. drunk...

And...

I ended up telling his fiance and his sister about the affair ...

She says she doesn't think it's cheating...but, by how angry she was towards me, I know she felt betrayed by him. She took it out on me ...I get it, I've been there. So I wasn't unkind to her. Just let her say what she needed to say...

He says he hates me more than anyone he has ever known...he even threatened to kill me...then blocked me.

Soooo...my dumbass drunk self made a new account to text him... basically begging him to hate me forever but please don't hurt me or my family....he responded by just telling me to leave him alone. She texted me telling me it was the most pathetic thing she had ever read...

I let it go a few days...but I was still anxious about the whole threatening to kill me thing, and texted him to smooth things over and gauge his mindset...

He *finally* said he wasn't going to kill me after I said that reporting it in his country could result in a long term prison sentence....and I had the screenshots...

Then he said some shit to hurt me...and I told him to get a paternity test for the kid his fiance is carrying ....she has a history of cheating, and she was being super forgiving towards him after finding out he was cheating...

He blocked me again.

A few days after that, I felt bad for my actions and wanted to apologise...so I messaged him. He said my apologies meant nothing to him. He said that they were struggling because the unborn baby was reacting poorly to the stress...I said ""he will be fine..."" (Honestly, I think he was trying to manipulate me with this and that it isn't true)...

He said goodbye and blocked me.

There is my story. Judge me how you like. Sure, I was an unthoughtful, selfish bitch for letting myself fall in love with a taken man ...but, that's love sometimes...sometimes we fall in love with people we shouldn't...

I'm just happy it all happened before the New Year.

Tldr: Had an affair. Things went South. I told her about it. He threatened to kill me. I couldn't leave it alone."|HiThere445|False|https://redd.it/eish0t|1|0.5|0|13|1|tifu
eivqgi|2020-01-02 08:39:04|TIFU by taking my girlfriend’s virginity|"My girlfriend (19)  and I (18) are in a long distance relationship. She goes to college as a freshman and I’m in a high school as a senior with the intent to go to the same school as her. We’re very happy and although we have our occasional rough patches, things are really good and we help each other a lot.

She’s been home for winter break which is great because I hadn’t seen her since October when i visited the school. Until that visit, most of our sexual experiences involved above-the-belt hand touching, making out, and a lot of missionary dry humping. She always seemed pretty into it except for moments when she’d get very anxious during it. (Her last boyfriend was a douchebag who broke her boundaries repeatedly and would continue to be all over her while she would have an anxiety attack) Whenever she would get an anxiety attack during it or maybe just lose the mood, I would always stop and comfort her and try not to make her feel bad for it in the slightest. 

During the trip, she started to let me finger her and she started to jerk me off. Now, both of us coming from a very religious background (although we’ve since grown away from it) were in the agreement that sex was for marriage. I still had fantasies about sex with her though and I looked forward to it a lot although it was never even a thought in my mind to seriously try to do it.

When she came home from winter break it was fresh off a fight we had a few days before, so at first it seemed like the break was gonna be full of tension but we got past it and were able to feel happy with each other. We’d been hanging out a lot almost every day, and would almost every single time have some sort of sexual interaction either in her car or my room. Sometimes she wouldn’t be in the mood and I made the mistake to show my disappointment one day and it made her feel awful for pushing me away which in turn made me feel awful and became a whole cycle - but again, we got past it

Last night, we were in her car parked, but I was in the driver seat and so I went and laid over with her. She cuddled and kissed for a little bit, and at first she wasn’t in the mood for anything sexual but I was able to ease her into it by doing some things I knew she liked. Eventually we got to the point where I was fingering under her dress and she was jerking me off at the same time laying right next to each other. At some point, she stopped jerking me off and just wrapped her arms around me tight while I continued fingering. She does this often but this time I was a little bit bummed because I was super horny too and I wanted her to keep going. I was really horny and for some reason I started to tease her with my dick and rub it around her bare vagina. I did this often but always with at least her underwear on. And in that moment, I decided to try to slip it but since I couldn’t see what I was doing I didn’t really know if I was in. So I backed up and confused to finger her while I looked for the hole with my penis and eventually found it. I slipped it in and it didn’t feel tight or anything but I could tell with it being wet. It felt great and I wrapped my arms around her and started humping and she held me tighter and closer while I did it and for about twenty seconds she seemed into it but then she tapped me and said “hey hey hey” and gently pushed me off. I got out and didn’t put it back in. She jerked me off until I was finished and then we just lay there. She wasn’t anxious and we just lay together, but she didn’t want me to finger her anymore. We just cuddled for a little bit and talked but not about what had happened. 

Suddenly, my brain realized what I had done and I started to freak out and feel awful. I felt nasty and I started to think awful things and I told her about it and she held me close. I kept telling myself that I was just like her last boyfriend but I didn’t say it out loud because I was afraid it was going to make her down.

We both cried and we hugged each other, and she said that it was okay and she forgave me and that it wasn’t all my fault. She reassured me that she wanted it to keep going too but we were both in the moment. I explained myself and she said she didn’t need to hear an explanation because she wasn’t upset at me. I still felt awful.

But she asked me to take a break from physical interactions for a while. By a while she meant until the end of winter break, all spring when I won’t see her obviously, and into the summer when I see her again. She said we needed to focus on us and our own problems and put anything sexual on pause. Especially with how fast we had been moving. I agreed even though it hurt a lot and obviously I didn’t want it, but I knew if that was something she wanted then it was something we needed.

We went on with our night and had fun with my family celebrating New Year’s until she had to go home. Today is our 6 months so we went, and unfortunately when we decided to talk about it because it was both our minds, we both got really down. I felt guilty and I cried again. She felt bad and she cried. I asked her for forgiveness tens of times and she always said it was okay and that it was something that was eventually going to happen at the sexual intensity we had been going at. I felt bad for victimizing myself so I asked her again to forgive me and she said the same thing she was.  She was amazing and she was so kind to me and I still felt dirty for victimizing myself because of the guilt I was feeling. But we laid and it felt better. She said she had to get one more thing off her chest and I asked what, and she said that last night when she got home she apparently had an anxiety attack because she noticed a little bit of blood on her underwear and that’s what was worrying her. That was a pretty terrible thing to here and even worse for her to experience I’m sure. She was scared and I told her that it was a normal thing to happen when someone is penetrated for the first time and that made her a little bit calmer but just thinking about it again set off an anxiety attack. I comforted her and I said sorry a hundred times again. Eventually she calmed down too, and I did as well and we carried on with our night and went out to eat and then to a huge bookstore. When we were saying goodbye, we once again had a very sad conversation about it all. 

I fucked up something really good. I’m worried the rest of the time I’ll have her in town will be like this. I’m afraid I have reminded her of him. I’m scared that I messed us up. I’m angry I let myself get taken by the moment. I fucked up big time and I don’t really know how to make it all better. I know it’s going to take time and hard work, but I’m so disappointed in myself.

TL;DR: I penetrated my girlfriend during a make out session even though we had both agreed to wait until marriage. Although she forgives me and says the responsibility is on both of us, the last couple days have been full of sadness and crying and anxiety attacks."|alternate0112|False|https://redd.it/eivqgi|0|0.42|0|10|1|tifu
eikvbx|2020-01-01 17:27:13|TIFU by listening to a bloke at the bar|"This actually happened last night...

So I was (heavy emphasis on was) talking to a girl who lives locally to me we've been chatting a couple weeks, planned a few dates but for one reason or another they have been called off by one of us. 

So we finally set a date. New year's eve, little cliché. I know, but a first kiss on new years eve? That's a story for the grandkids right? Wrong. 

We decided to meet up at a pub (that she works at) and she decided to bring her friend (a guy) okay, no problem. We are there for like 40 mins and her and this guy are playing a game. I'm getting quite bored and don't want to disrupt there fun so I go to the bar and get drinks, and there is this bloke stood at the bar. We are chatting and he mentions that the guy she is playing a game with is actually her ex boyfriend. 
I just walked right out of there  and went home

Got home and  text her ""what the fuck"" anyway, couple of texts back and forth... One of her other  friends texts. ""its not her ex boyfriend you idiot, he is her actual friend""

So I made a massive fuck up listening to the guy at the bar. The girl then told me I'm an asshole and to delete her number. This was all before 8pm.

TL;DR finally met up with a girl I have been chatting to, met in a pub she works at. She brought a friend. Someone stood at the bar told me it was her ex boyfriend, I stupidly listened and left. Turns out I was wrong and it actually was her friend."|Idont_think|False|https://redd.it/eikvbx|4|1.0|0|4|1|tifu
eirn3h|2020-01-02 02:10:41|TIFU girl best friend kissed me and her bf is my best friend and i have a gf|"So this was very recent but I guess you could also say this was last year haha. Anyways last night I was at a NYE party and we had pregamed at another house before coming to the bigger party. I’m in high school and I’m sure many of you know how these house parties can get drinking wise. I was with my best friend who’s a girl all night. We’ve been friends for 4 years now and we used to be into eachother and we hooked up when we were sophomores but later in the year we both end up dating other people. This didn’t hurt our friendship in anyway we are both very close and have this stupid little pact that if we both aren’t married by 30 we’ll get married (More on this later). Anyway, it’s getting closer to midnight and all night we are both rambling on to eachother about how we would want to get married and have kids and just that we love each other and that she just has her boyfriend to have a boyfriend and I say the same about my girlfriend. Only there’s a problem. Her boyfriend is there who is also a good friend of mine. My girlfriend is at a different party as well. Anyways a bunch of people were on the couch and somehow she ended up on my lap. We had been basically attached to eachother all night like kinda sorta cuddling when her boyfriend wasn’t there. She kept saying she wanted to kiss me but only she can’t cause of her boyfriend. I said “Of course we’re both in relationships”. But then one thing led to another and she grabbed me and kissed me. It was one simple kiss and she says “Don’t tell anyone”. I’ve been thinking about it all day. I never thought I’d cheat and I though she loved her boyfriend. I know the whole marriage thing and kids thing is crazy cause we’re in high school and all but this is quite the f**cking predicament. I mainly just had to put this out here to hear what people think and possibly what I should do, I feel like a bad friend. 


TL;DR  girl best friend kissed me and said she loves me at NYE party and her boyfriend is my best friend and i’m dating someone else"|foa91|False|https://redd.it/eirn3h|0|0.44|0|8|1|tifu
eil847|2020-01-01 17:54:30|TIFU By Pulling the Fire Alarm At my School|"Technically this isnt a TIFU cause it happened 2 weeks ago, but I got lazy, so here you go. Obligatory mobile warning.

Me: Me
Friend 1: F1
Friend 2: F2
Principal: P

So the incident started at my high school during first period when my friends and I are standing close to our classroom. We don't have a first period (Took the Spanish regents and got my credits the year before), so we are allowed to stand next to our math classroom and wait for the bell to ring. This time however, I was farther away from the classroom door with F1 and F2 who were both on their phones and we were all right next to an uncovered fire alarm. I decided to lean back on the wall directly  in front of the fire alarm and start shifting around. 10 seconds later I hear a deafening screech and F1 hit the deck, thinking that I'm going to die. (Turns out we were under the bell which sounded, immediately alerting the whole school of the situation) We then see students begin to pour out of the classrooms, many are confused since it was winter, and there shouldn't be any drills scheduled today. At this time however, neither of us realized that I accidentally pulled the alarm, but we think nothing of it and follow the students out of the building into the freezing cold. As time passed, I grew more and more anxious and I hear rumours from the students around me theorizing about a student pulling the fire alarm. I then ask F1 if we could've pulled it.

Me: (whispering) Yo, I think I really ducked up.

F1: *sighs* Well, what did you do this time? 

Me: I . . . probably pulled the alarm.

F1 looks at me dumbfounded, and he then motions F2 to walk over to us

F2: Well, why do ya'll look terrified?

F1: (whispers) King pulled the fire alarm.

F2 proceeds to snicker out loud before telling me I'm ducked and walks away. Fast forward 20 minutes and the fire drill is over, so me, F1 and F2 are inside math class and we hear the principal's voice over the radio.

P: Can F2, F1, and me all report to the principal's office. 

At this moment, all three of us realized that we've been caught and silently walked towards her office, refusing to tell any other students about our new found notoriety. As we walk into P's office we also realize that the IT guy is also present, so I'm positive that he showed her a camera recording of us ""pulling"" the alarm. She then starts the typical cop routine and begins to question us about the incident. We told her everything, which leads to her spending 2-5 minutes lecturing us about how in inconsiderate we are, and how those students didnt even have jackets, etc. I dont really remember much, but one line stood out to me.

P: So you do realize that this is a suspendable offense right? So, what do you expect me to do?

*cue sad noises*

I then lie my way out of trouble, by stating how there should be consequences, and that she should email the parents apologising, and that I would never do it again( no guarantees). And she thankfully releases us from any punishments, and we then spend the day in social humiliation as every student soon learns of my crime. 

TL;DR: I accidentally pulled the fire alarm at my school, and I manage to lie my way out of suspension."|King_Gem_Stone|False|https://redd.it/eil847|4|0.84|0|3|1|tifu
eil1c5|2020-01-01 17:40:02|TIFU by forgetting my water filter was on while I went to watch fireworks and flooding my downstairs neighbor's apartment|"I'm renting an condo from my in-laws in a two story building where I have the top floor unit. I made the mistake of forgetting my RO water filter was turned on while I went out to go see fireworks. I have a RO water system under my sink with a small tube that fills up the 5 gallon jugs used in my water cooler. Typically, I put the 5 gallon jug on the floor in the kitchen, turn on the water, and check it after about an hour or so to turn off the water. Well, last night I completely forgot that I turned it on while I went out to go see fireworks. 

I came home just after midnight to a note on my door from the downstairs neighbors saying that their entire kitchen was flooded and they called the HOA president who turned off my unit's water. When I went inside, the 5 gallon jug had overflowed onto my tile floor and was seeping through the floor behind the dishwasher. It must have been overflowing for about two hours (at least 8-10 gallons) since I had left around 10:30pm. I dried up the water with towels, and have a fan blowing in my kitchen to try and dry up as much as possible. I wrote a note to the neighbors explaining what had happened, how terribly sorry I was and how I would pay for any damages caused by my F up. The worst part is, I don't have renter's insurance, so it's all going to be out of pocket. I also feel like I've destroyed my relationship with my neighbors and the HOA by screwing up their New Years. What a way to kick off 2020...

TLDR: I left my water system running and overflowed a 5 gallon jug for two hours into my downstairs neighbor's apartment, flooding their kitchen. I ruined their New Years and am going to have to pay for the damages without any insurance..."|VOMIT_ON_HIS_SWEATER|False|https://redd.it/eil1c5|5|1.0|0|1|1|tifu
eia1hg|2019-12-31 22:42:46|TIFU by waiting to ask a girl out because I wanted to do it on new year's eve|"I've known this girl for a while and have always liked her personality. I always had a crush on her but now these feelings have grown quite a lot. She lives in another country where I'm originally from, but she visits now and then on summer and holidays since her parents live here and some of her friends (these friends happen to be my friends also and this is the reason I see her when she visits)

I saw her many times after Christmas and never told my feelings. I got the master plan and told myself to ask her out on new year's eve, maybe because I didn't have the balls to do it before and wanted to push the date.

Well now I'm sitting here at a friends new years party, sad because she isn't here. She left yesterday and won't visit in a long time.


TL;DR: Waited to ask my crush out on new year's eve, planned it for days but she never showed up and left back to her home country.

Edit: thanks for all the responses and supportive comments, this shit hit me hard today. The other side of me wants to send her a message but the other side of me doesn't. I will update when I have made my decision!"|FadCap|False|https://redd.it/eia1hg|129|0.94|0|19|1|tifu
eik13o|2020-01-01 16:19:30|TIFU by ripping my pants at work|"* **TL:DR at bottom**

\*\* ***I'm an apprentice mechanic, so i do all the sh\*\*t jobs the other mechanics don't want to do. I also hit the gym in a poor attempt to lose weight (dropped one pant size, but upped weight and shirt size(sleeves got tight)). One of my primary jobs is tire repair, from go-karts to tractors. I change them all. Also, my little brother and dad are my bosses.*** *Now for the story.*

The day was about as basic as it could be, oil changes, sweeping, janitorial duties, etc. That's when my boss pulls in the back door with one of his semi-trucks. tells me I need to change out the front tires, no big deal, I do it about every week. I get the front jacked up, take off and tear down the first tire. which consists of deflating the tire, laying it down on 2 4x4 blocks of wood, and striking it with a massive sledge until the tire unseats, then with 2 spoons (pry bars for tires) you work your way round until the tire is off, then you lube up the new tire, place it against the rim and slam your body on it and the new tire will pop on (and yes, it can be that simple when you weigh 250lbs). reinflate it, then throw it back on.

The F\*\*k-up didn't happen until I was breaking down the 2nd tire. my bosses and coworkers had come over (slow in the shop so they come together to gossip) as I deflated and removed the tire from the truck, I set up the blocks as I always do, and grabbed the sledge (45lbs head on a 4ft steel reinforced fiberglass handle) and took stance to start chopping at it. this tire was being stubborn, even my bosses and coworkers gave it a whack. I said F it and grabbed the hammer again, braced and swung. the tire unseated... and so had my pants. right down the crack, just to the side of the seam. belt loops to underside. Everyone started laughing (tighty whiteys for those wondering).

I asked to go home and change, and my boss said ""not until you're done with that tire. so for the next 45 minutes I worked in the back of the shop with my briefs to the breeze. and yes, a couple customers and vendors took note, but didn't say anything.

and now, I'm typing this up cause I realized the only jeans I have are in the wash and still need dried.

\*TL:DR: I swung a heavy hammer onto a tire so hard that I split my pants from flexing, and then had to work 45 minutes with my underwear exposed before I could go home to change.

* *If any Youtubers want to use this, by all means. I'd be honored.*"|darksilverjesse|False|https://redd.it/eik13o|5|0.7|0|2|1|tifu
eij4fq|2020-01-01 14:56:09|TIFU by getting drunk, fighting with my BFs mom, getting a black eye, spraining my ankle, and ripping my fingernail off.|"Just an FYI: I dont drink except for very rarely on occasion so This kind of thing does not usually happen to me.

This hapened last night. I started off taking shots and got drunk pretty fast. I dont really like my BFs mom but at first we were getting along great. I don't even remember what the fight was about but I now have a black eye from that. I'm not sure if my ankles sprained or what but I can't walk on it and I also have no clue how that happened. At one point I noticed that my fingernail was peeled all the way back so I had to pull it the rest of the way off. Thank god I was drunk for that because oww. Now I am sitting here with gauze stuck to the open wound on my finger in a cup of water, an Ice pack on my face, and my ankle all wrapped up. I feel like crap for what happened because it definitely wasn't justified, but I think I got what I deserved lmao. Happy new years!

TL:DR 
Got drunk, got a black eye, can't walk, and ripped my fingernail off all on new years eve."|beeigd|False|https://redd.it/eij4fq|6|0.58|0|10|1|tifu
eikrll|2020-01-01 17:19:30|TIFU by asking my friend for nudes and possibly fucking up our friendship|"I'm very good friends with this exchange student from Belgium and we've mainly been texting and sending memes and stuff. I really didn't expect it go anywhere and I knew we would just be friends. 

I also haven't beat the ol meat since before Christmas and then I had a seizure while I was at my friend's house and I've been in hospitals and stuff, so basically it's been a long while.(If you're a guy you know what I mean)

 I just got back last night from the hospital and I didn't have my phone at the hospital so I couldn't text any of my friends the whole time I was there. I also realized how it had been since I last beat my meat and so I figured I'd get up the ol website but I have crappy wifi and because of the storm it was absolute shit and nothing would load. Then I figured I'd just have to resort to my imagination but during one of my seizures I was apparently biting my tongue and that hurt a lot(if you know what a seizure is then you'll know what I mean) and I couldn't concentrate at all. I knew I needed some help but my usual sources weren't working. Then my friend texted me and this is where the fatal FU happens. We were talking for a bit a then after I tried to load up some good stuff but it wouldn't load like I said before so I decided to ask her. She doesn't respond until this morning and she basically said that I have ruined her view of me and that I broke our friendship. I'm fucking retarded I know

TL;DR I asked my friend for nudes and I think I just fucked up our friendship"|itisiams|False|https://redd.it/eikrll|3|0.61|0|7|1|tifu
eif2h1|2020-01-01 06:21:48|TIFU by showing my uncle porn at New Year's Eve|"So my uncle is a particularly tech savvy individual. We usually spend most of our family gatherings talking about computers, getting good deals on various video game consoles, doing repairs, etc. He knows far more than I do, but I have enough knowledge to carry on a conversation with him for a fair amount of time.


Well, for New Year's Eve this year (or last year, I guess), a few members of the family were still in town post-Christmas, so we decided we would have a little New Year's get together. It went as expected: eating, drinking, and being merry. The whole package. As things started to wind down and people were beginning to leave, my uncle and I struck up a conversation about replacing hardware using heat guns and the like. Somehow, this reminded me of how I recently broke my phone screen and the bottom left corner had some dead pixels in it that had been slowly spreading and I was unsure if I could fix that easily.


My uncle informed me that with the damage it had, it would probably be easier and cheaper to just buy a new phone and swap out the SIM card. But I disagreed, saying that, despite the screen being pretty ugly, it was still functional and even the touch screen still worked where it's completely blackened out. The first example of this that came to mind was the Attach Image button on the discord app.


Quick cutaway here: an old friend and I have been occasionally sharing NSFW images of people that we consider to be ""perfect 10s"" for many years. It started as a way for us to determine each other's ""type"". Recently, we'd been using Discord to share such images. You probably see where this is going.


So, I pulled out my phone to demonstrate the functionality of that particular button and opened discord. As soon as I tapped the icon, my heart dropped when I remembered that I had just sent a picture of some topless model to that friend a few hours ago, and that it would open to the last conversation I had open. But, by some divine intervention, our subsequent conversation about The Witcher filled the entirety of my screen, leaving the image in question just out of sight. *That was close*


So then, I pressed Attach Image button while showing my uncle. And my dumbass forgot that since I had just sent the image, it was still at the top of my gallery. So, sitting right there, in the center of my phone screen was an obviously naked woman. Mortified and pissed at myself I quickly closed the gallery popup and tried to act like nothing happened. That didn't work.


""What was *that*, OP?""

At this point, I figured I'd lived a decent life, and I was ready to accept my fate as a dead man. But here's where it really went to shit:


After my uncle said that, the rest of the family that was still there (about 10 people, including my mother) all got quiet and began listening to our conversation. Seeing my very obvious embarrassment among other emotions, my uncle tried to make things better by saying ""Oh, I don't care"" and proceeded to tell a story about when he found porn on a PS Vita he just bought. What he didn't realize, is that by telling this story, the rest of the family was clued in on what exactly he saw on my phone.


My face was hot and bright red. I could feel the discomfort around the room as nobody really knew what to say. At this point I was in deep, so I tried to make it better by saying, ""My friend sent that to me on Whatsapp... and you know how it like saves images or whatever..."" to which my uncle responded ""yeah, whatever you say, buddy.""


Eventually everybody found something else to talk about and the spotlight shifted off us. We just kinda sat there listening to other people talk for a few minutes, till I eventually got up, told everybody I was gonna head out (it was only like 10 pm) and promptly left.


TL;DR: Accidentally showed my uncle porn while showing him a glitch on my phone, he called me out on it and clued in the rest of the family in the room (including my mother) that he just saw porn on my phone, I fumbled the recovery, felt really uncomfortable, and dipped."|zat_person|True|https://redd.it/eif2h1|22|0.97|0|5|1|tifu
eidfjn|2020-01-01 03:37:58|TIFU By showing the guy at the round table counter a mostly naked sexy picture of myself|"This is one of those rare TiFu’s that actually happened today. I’m 37, married, kids..the whole scene.

So, I am kind of a goof ball, not overtly “sexy” by ANY MEANS so when I took a “sexy” topless picture of myself (I’m a dude, calm down, and I’m on my way to rocking a dad bod) and made it the background of my wife’s phone it was only to make her laugh and get her in the sack. (Mission accomplished) The photo basically looks like I’m jerking off or nutting. 

As revenge, she left the photo as the background of her lock screen. It made for a slightly uncomfortable Christmas with her family over, but that wasn’t too bad. What WAS BAD was tonight at round table. She gave me a coupon on her phone to use so I walked up to order the pizza and pay. I showed him the coupon first (again on my wife’s phone) then ordered. 

While he was entering the order into the POS I wasn’t paying attention and my wife’s iPhone went to sleep.

So dude looks up after the order is in and is like “can I see the coupon again?” And without even looking I say “sure!” And turn the phone towards him. 

The phone is no longer showing the coupon though folks it’s showing her lock screen. Her lock screen of my naked with a sexy top-down look on my face. 

So dude turns red and goes “uhhhbbbb..” and I turn the phone and see and just say “oh holy shit my sorry this is my wife’s phone!” 

I fumble through her password and show him the coupon and I do embarrassment much these days but I couldn’t help it I started laughing my ass off. 

My wife laughed until she cried and said I deserved it.

TL;DR My wife has a “sexy” picture of me on her lock screen and I showed it to the dude at the counter at round table instead of a coupon. 

Edit: [here’s a screen shot of her lock screen for shameful reference. this is what dude was staring at for five seconds](https://i.imgur.com/xbi6TzB.jpg)"|pewnanner|False|https://redd.it/eidfjn|37|0.85|0|2|1|tifu
eieudw|2020-01-01 05:59:32|TIFU by accidentally making fun of my mother-in-law’s suicide to my wife’s face|"Every year for New Years Eve, my wife and I plus my parents play games all night and eat junk food. Eventually, we broke out Card Against Humanity which, as I’m sure y’all know, has a tendency to lower inhibitions about acceptable humor. 

About an hour in, and everything’s fine. Plenty of horribly offensive jokes that should never be made outside of the context of the game, but nothing too harsh. It ends up being my wife’s turn to judge the best card, and the prompt is “______: you can’t have just one.” Without a second thought, I throw down the card “Dead Parents.” My thought process was something along the lines of “It’s generally terrible to say, and it’s like Batman since both his parents died. Let’s play it,” and she starts reading the answers. 

Important context: she’s never known who her father was except that he was a monster, and her mother- who she was very close to-  committed suicide earlier this year. 

When she gets to it, she can’t finish reading it before she drops the card and starts sobbing uncontrollably. I look at her confused for a minute before I realize the implications of what I put down. I’m almost always very considerate, so I’m so horrified about what I did. She cried for only a few minutes, but I’m so rightfully in trouble. I will be spending the start of the new year on the couch and I definitely deserve it. 

Tl;dr: accidentally made a joke about my wife’s mom’s suicide, and am now starting the new year sleeping on the couch."|TheDarkLord329|False|https://redd.it/eieudw|22|0.96|0|7|1|tifu
ei61le|2019-12-31 17:39:24|TIFU by assuming I wouldn't get kicked out of a family party|"This has a backstory so buckle up, sorry for the long post. Names have been altered. 

So a few years ago my cousin ""Rosh"" came out of the closet as gay.  She had been ""close friends"" with ""Jess"" for a while, but obviously had been dating her without telling family.  Almost all of my close family is VERY religious, and R's mother ""Sue"" was super upset.  The next holiday party was to be at my mother's house ""Cherrie"", but Sue called my mother and told her to invite Rosh, but to tell her that Jess was not allowed to come.  My mother Cherrie was apparently too nervous to tell Rosh herself, so she called me ""John"", and told me to call Rosh and tell her Jess was not allowed in her house.  I said ""Sure, I'll tell her.  Also, I'm not coming if Jess isn't invited"".  I obviously caught a ton of heat for that.  Most of the younger generation doesn't have a problem with it at all, but almost to a person the older generation constantly sent me messages/books/sermon links about me not respecting my elders and the sin of sodomy.

So, we never see her again, right? Not so.  There is an extended family gathering hosted by ""Denise"" who is perfectly fine with Rosh and Jess being a couple, and the next few years she invites (and they attend) her family gathering.  Sue (Rosh's mom) also attends, although she refuses to say hello to Jess or even look her in the eye.  However, it is the party that is hosted by Denise, so apparently she has the common sense to not tell Denise she can't invite Jess. Me, Rosh, Jess, and the rest of the cousins adore Denise (and the rest of the extended family), she is the sweetest lady and we love seeing her, especially since we only see her once or twice a year.

Now we get to the actual TIFU.
This year though, Denise was traveling a lot around the holidays and said it would be too much work to host the party.  So apparently Sue said she would host the party.  Now, in past years obviously Jess was invited, but it was at Denise's house, I figured that if it was at Sue's house, she might be gutsy enough to override past tradition and forbid Jess from coming.  I called up Sue (who obviously already hates me) and offer my place up for the party.  She is upset and says no, she worked hard on getting the invitations sent out.  Well fine, I call my cousin Rosh and offer to have our own party at my house, however she said that since Denise had always invited both of them, they were going to show up a little late and walk in with a bunch of us and assume Sue wouldn't make a scene in front of everybody. So we decide to potentially ""crash"" the party.  Since Rosh had never technically been informed that Jess was not invited we figured we had a loophole. Several days before the party, my cousin Rosh received the following message from her mother Sue, about me, John: https://imgur.com/a/rbXKw3f 

Now, of course, the text message mentions NOTHING about Jess, but any normal person would realize that if you refuse to let their partner in the door why in the world would they want to come alone.  But my cousin Rosh was of the opinion that if they extended family was there she might not make a scene especially since Jess had been at those parties before.  So, almost all of the cousins show up and enter the house at the same time, about 30 minutes after the party has started.  We arrived just as it was time to eat, and everyone was in the dining room or kitchen, and Sue hadn't kicked anyone out, although she refused to say hello to Jess or me. So after people are mostly done eating, the cousins, (and their SO's) go into the sitting room to chat... and Sue is following us around, literally standing in corners watching the group of us like Gollum with his eye on the ring as my brother put it later.  She didn't interact, she just stood there and watched us by herself.  Finally she goes up to Rosh and says ""come here"" and tries to physically pull her away from the group.  Rosh is well aware of what is happening and says ""No, I'm fine right here"", and finally Sue says ""You need to leave right now"", out loud, in front of all the cousins and loud enough so some people may have heard it in the dining room. 

So, all the cousins pack up and leave at the same time, and I make sure to mention to everyone that we are getting kicked out.  Denise was understandably furious, and out loud invited Rosh and Jess over to her place for dinner tomorrow, and my wife and I had to spend some time under the baleful gaze of Sue since we had planned poorly and had to gather all of our stuff for us and our two kids so we could leave.

This morning I (and Rosh) received the following texts:
https://imgur.com/a/MJeiwql
https://imgur.com/a/VM4zqRl

The ""taunting"" was a reference to Jess saying (loudly) as she was being kicked out ""Thank you for your hospitality Sue!"".  I tend to agree with the statement, obviously Sue did not enjoy it.

TLDR:
My gay cousin's SO was technically not explicitly invited to a family party (because being gay is a sin) by the host of the party (although others wanted her there) but showed up anyway hoping host would not make a scene. Was kicked out and blamed for my grandma (oma) apparently having suicidal thoughts."|deranjer|False|https://redd.it/ei61le|192|0.88|0|50|1|tifu
eic84r|2020-01-01 01:42:28|TIFU by being super depressed and having sex with a girl who has had a crush on me for a while.|"Strap in boys, this is gonna be a long one. And to begin, I know, I'm TA. I have been struggling with depression for a while. I (20M) haven't been in any kind of relationship in my entire life, so naturally until 3 hours ago, was a virgin. Two months ago, I got pneumonia and when I recovered I got an emotional high.

While I was riding on my emotional state, I decided to try to start dating, so I made a tinder account. After talking with a girl, I asked her out on a date. 
Almost right away I could tell that she wasn't into me, and honestly the date was fucking awful. We tried to go eat pizza somewhere, but it was only a pizza pick-up place.

We tried to salvage the date by going to the mall to eat it, and that worked out okay, but then we realized that we had missed the movie that we were planning on watching. So we waited around for two hours at the mall for the showing. Around halfway through the wait she told me she literally only thought of me as a friend because I was so much like her brother.

After that, I stupidly decided to stay and watch the movie as 'friends.' Neither of us really liked the movie, (uncut gem's) although I did think that the ending was unique. I drove her home, and began my own two hour journey home. The whole time I was thinking that I should just end my life, drive off the road, buy a bath balm (toaster) or something. I got home at three, very depressed, and may or may not have looked up some of those things that you should never look up; thanks a lot r/askreddit.

That was yesterday, queue today.

I woke up at around four thirty, and went to my local church. (Not a Cristian, but have a bunch of family and friends who go.) I was feeling so depressed that I must have been showing it, because my grandma walked up to me and prayed that I would ""come back to us.""

Queue the girl.

During the church service, I got her to rub my back. We have been friends for our entire lives and it wasn't that odd to ask for. However, I was feeling tired and depressed, and was trying to drown my feelings in coffee, so I was snuggling a bit closer to her than I should have been.

When church ended, she follow me home, and I told her about my date and how bad it was. I was so tired that I ended up on the floor, just feeling awful. She got down with me and started stroking my back.

Backing up a bit, she has a boyfriend. I know, I'm a dueche. I actually really like her boyfriend, and think that he is a great guy, so when we ended up fucking I felt suicidally badly.

As someone who was very recently a virgin, I don't know how to really rate the sex but I'd like to think that it could have been better. I'm not sure if it was her or me but the entire room smelled like shit, and either because I was so tired, hadn't eaten, or am somewhat addicted to porn, I never even ended up finishing and actually couldn't even stay hard. But what both of us did get in the nearly two hours of fucking was blatant hikkies. 

Now I have to go to work tomorrow with my ultra-religious Dad, who saw me getting snuggly with an off limits girl.

So here I am, posting my absolute fuck up on Reddit, contemplating suicide, and sick to my stomach because of all the coffee, and how badly I hate myself.

TLDR: I got turned down by a tinder date, didn't get enough sleep to think properly, got suicidally depressed, and ended up having awful sex with one of my friends who has a boyfriend. And I'm even more depressed now.

On what level am I fucked up?"|creep_lives_matter|True|https://redd.it/eic84r|41|0.85|0|25|1|tifu
eio9tk|2020-01-01 21:43:01|TIFU by not being in the yearly group picture|"I'm always a bit of a silent person in the background in our group. Worse yet, in my opinion, I can’t find any common ground with the other women in our group. When it was new years the group wanted to do a new year group picture. I thought “screw it, I am going to find the best freaking spot! No doubt we're going to use this in our group chat” (and share with relatives). Me being a relatively tall person I was standing in the back. Then someone said “let's do men and women now!” and again I thought “yes let’s do this!”

When multiple pictures were taken, only a few pictures were sharp enough to be used. The photo was taken at an angle by a short neighbor. It also looked like she wasn’t standing directly in front of us.

This morning I noticed that I was barely in the resulting pictures due to some weird lighting glitch combined with the angle. Half my face is covered by someone standing in front of me (even though I thought I had a great spot because she’s smaller than me). I look like someone walked through the picture and photobombed the photo.

tl;dr tried my best to be in the yearly group picture, but the neighbor taking the picture fucked up and I look like someone who photobombed the picture

edit: For clarification, they wanted me to be in the picture"|Delta4o|False|https://redd.it/eio9tk|1|1.0|0|7|1|tifu
eio0q6|2020-01-01 21:23:44|TIFU the night of a KFC employee|"So  I'm living abroad (in a country which language I don´t fully master  yet) and my cousin came to visit me and we go out for dinner to KFC. So  we go to one of the machines to order and start looking at the options,  and not 10 seconds after this line starts forming behind us because  apparently this was the only machine that was working. Now, this is my  first time at KFC and that plus I'm not very good at making quick  decisions is not mixing well with the social pressure of the people  behind wanting to get their damn food. I choose a whatever-menu and then  hurry to checkout.

At the end,  the machine offers two options wich are only a bunch of symbols from  which I deduce one is pay by card here and the other is pay in cash to  the employees (because adding a descriptive sentence apparently is not a  thing anymore). Now here comes the damn money thing where I'm not sure  who is paying, who is inviting, etc, so I choose the ""pay to the  employees"" option which gives us time to sort this out. The machine then  shows an arrow for a couple of seconds pointing to the meal retrieval  counter (""don´t we need to pay for this first?"") and then I hear a sound  coming from the printer. I don´t see anything coming out but I put my  hand and find this rolled strip of paper inside of the thing, so I take  it and finally move on to let others order. So although I wouldn´t say I suffer from social anxiety, situations like that already kind of raise my stress levels a bit.

Now  I unstrip the paper roll and it's two strips: I assume one is the  detailed ticket and the other is the number for retrieval? My cousin  asks how much is it and I check the ticket: ""its 40,10"". I gave her a twenty (my half) so she can pay and we go to the checkout counter. I show both strips and the employee takes the small one (""mmm weird, but ok""), my  cousin hands in a 52 (I'm guessing to make change easier with that extra 10 cents), gets the change,  they give us a new ticket and we go wait  at the meal retrieval.

Wait. Wait  wait wait, a new ticket? I start looking at both tickets and now I  notice they have different order number. Now I'm noticing these are  different orders. We paid for the wrong order, our order was not 40,10,  but 36,50. So the correct order is now ready but we paid for the wrong  one, so now I have to explain the employee about this in my broken  language skills while hoping they still didn't started preparing the  wrong one. So I do this, luckily the other employee speaks english, they  ask the manager to come and see if it´s ok to reimburse us.  Suspiciously, every time I explain this I get the feeling that one part  of the explanation is always misunderstood, but I blame this on english  not being the native languages for either of us (neither the employee  not mine). But everything seems to be going to be worked out, the  employee is very apologetic and I am (after all I gave him the wrong  thing).

Back to the checkout  counter, the guy asks me if he can reimburse us with cash, sure. ""You  paid with card, correct?"". ""Nono, with 52"". ""Ah, yes, you are right"".  Gives me back the 40,10.

Me: ""Ok, now you charge me the other order""  
Him: ""Ehm, no, the other order is already paid""  
Me: What? but we never paid it...

Now  I'm looking at the tickets again and OH MY FUCKING GOD WE DID. Of  course we did, because why the fuck would they prepare an order that  wasn´t paid yet. We paid the right ticket, I though we had paid 40,10  because thats what I told my cousin but SHE received the change so I  never actually checked that this was how much we paid. The fucking 40,10  strip was from another fucking previous order that the people paid by  card at the machine but never actually took the fucking receipt. Why the  fuck didn´t I noticed that the tickets SAID HOW THEY WERE PAID?

Now  I'm looking up again and this guy is holding his head with his hands:  ""Ok, now <<I>> don't understand what is happening"". I  apologise even more profusely to him, give him back the money trying  succintly to explain that he was right, the whole process was fine I  just got confused, not exatly knowing how to describe my enormous fuck  up anymore (because to fully understand the hell that is my train of  thought you need a wall of text reddit post). The guy then asks me if he  can jot down some information as he will have to sort this out at the  end of his shift (FUCK MEEEE), as he KEEPS APOLOGISING TO ME which just  buries me deeper in my shame at this point. He offers to change our  fries which are cold by now, which I accept mainly for my cousin's sake  because I FUCKING DESERVE THE COLD FRIES and we finally go to eat our  food. And by eat it I mean engulf it whole so I can get the fuck out of  that place, get home and write this cathartic post hoping it gets out  enough of the residual cringe out of me to allow me to sleep tonight.  Please kind anonimous exposure of the internet, grant this  socially-inept sinner some relief...

TL;DR - An extra ticket leftover from previous cutomer + not paying attention when paying for purchase fucked up my brain and made me almost swindle (unintentionally) a poor KFC employee."|NordicMissingno|False|https://redd.it/eio0q6|1|0.67|0|2|1|tifu
eishof|2020-01-02 03:19:52|TIFU by trying to go to a Church|"It was New Years Eve and all the Hindu temples were closed. I wanted to find salvation in the arms of the Almighty when the clock struck 12. No parties, no alcohol- just spiritual awakening. 
That's when Hannah ruined it all.
She was like the combination of a Latina Goddess and a Greek philosopher. It was perfection - a match made in heaven.
I had known Hannah forever, so I thought I'd visit her Church as the clock struck 12. I knew I was a Hindu, but it didnt really matter to me which God I worshipped, as long as I was being spiritually enlightened.
So I told my parents I was going out for a beer and arrived at her Church, St. John's Protestant, at like 7 pm. I wanted to avoid the traffic so that we could hold hands and praise the Lord together.
I waited for 4 hours till it was 11 pm outside the Church. Initially I was talking to some pastors about why the Bible is superior to any other text. I introduced myself as John Jacobs. 
Then at 11 Hannah walked in. She looked like Cleopatra or Cindy Crawford times infinity. I drooled onto the Church seat. An old lady started scolding me for disrespecting property, but I only wanted to look at El Latina and her smile. I planned to surprise her, so that we could laugh in giddy Christian delight as the clock struck 12. 
Then she saw me.
TIFU. Hannah told her parents I was a creepy stalker and that I had been sending her deranged nudes and following her to her house.
Her parents then complained to the church pastor, who made me go on stage and absolve myself of my sins while the entire Church sang Auld Lang Syne at my embarrassed face. 
But Hannah was too embarrassed by my presence at her place of worship. She asked them to throw me out, because I was the 'king of sinners'. 
But the Pastor wanted to forgive me that New Year's Eve, and he saw only one solution.
And that's how a Latina goddess got me baptized.

TL;DR : The people you adore might just make you convert religions.

Happy New Year!"|adityabalakrishnan|False|https://redd.it/eishof|0|0.33|0|6|1|tifu
eiax7u|2019-12-31 23:53:48|TIFU by accidentally typing a XXX URL in the address bar at work|"Throwaway because I'm humiliated. 

I'm a single gay guy; I'm not closeted but I'm not exactly out, either. People either already know or they find out eventually. No big deal. When I'm home, I partake in the finer content on a certain hub that hosts porn. I usually do this in incognito mode and do it as a search in the address bar. 

The company I work for uses Microsoft Exchange for email access. I have Office 365 on my MacBook and have outlook installed. When I'm not on my work laptop, I can access my email through the exchange site. The beginning of the url is portal\[dot\]office. This is important. 

Yesterday, someone in our office opened a fishing email. As a precaution, the IT department required everyone to reset their passwords. Here's where my fuckup happens. 

I happened to be on the road when they made the change (I'm an account manager) so I drove to the office and my manager asked me to log in with my credentials on the exchange server and reset my password. No problem, right? 

Wrong. 

I sat as his desk and opened Chrome. Then, instead of typing portal\[dot\]office like I should have, I seamlessly typed Pornhub Gay in the bar before I realized what I'd done. I immediately deleted it and typed in the address for microsoft exchange but my boss saw everything. Luckily, he's got a good sense of humor and almost died laughing. I reset my password and got the hell out of there. 

TL;DR: I tied to type in the url for the email exchange server but typed the search term I use for gay porn instead"|Objective-Self|True|https://redd.it/eiax7u|51|0.9|0|10|1|tifu
ehxo7s|2019-12-31 04:15:19|TIFU by moaning NSFW|"NSFW 
My girlfriend and I do not own a dryer, we hang our clothes to dry. 
I am short, so I have to get a chair to reach the clothesline. 
I stood up on the chair, reached for the clothesline and suddenly I was falling. 

I banged my leg on the chair on the way down, landed straight on my tailbone, then my head smacked back on the linoleum. 
This actually knocked the breath out of me for a moment and then I started to moan. 
I was in so much pain, I couldn’t believe how badly my ass hurt. 

The moans I was emitting were deep and guttural. I couldn’t contain them.

I moaned my girlfriends name in hopes that she’d hear me from the other room (I knew she was deeply asleep). 
Nothing. 

I laid for a few moments sweating from the pain. My cat started licking my face, meowing, looking concerned. 

I crawled to the bedroom, my tailbone throbbing. 

“Baaaaabe. I hurt myself.” 

My girlfriend woke up and rushed to my side. 
She put me in bed, brought me an ibuprofen and an ice pack. 

When I asked her why she didn’t hear me in kitchen, her eyes widened. 

She said she had heard my moans in her sleep, and thought I was MASTURBATING. 

She apologized profusely and we had a good laugh. 

TL;DR 
I fell and was moaning for my girlfriend in pain. She heard me and thought I was masturbating thinking about her so she went back to sleep."|suicidalsandwhich|True|https://redd.it/ehxo7s|1932|0.93|0|80|1|tifu
eiksj2|2020-01-01 17:21:28|TIFU by shaving half of my eyebrow off|"This happened a few days ago. I was plucking my eyebrows because they looked messy and it really bothered me. It hurt a lot because I can't do it quickly, first I have to grab the hair and then slowly pull it out as tears stream down my face.

So I said fuck it, I'm gonna try to shave at least the sides because the pain I was going through was unnecessary.
And as I bring the razor close to my eyebrow, my little sister quietly comes in the bathroom and grabs onto my leg. She scared me and accidentally sheved my eyebrow.
I looked in the mirror. Half of my eyebrow was gone. 

So, you probably think I was not dumb enough to shave the other one just so they can match, but that's exactly what I did. I saw the amount of hair that was on the razor and it was a lot. And yeah, they were kinda uneven and as I shaved one a bit too much, the other one also had to be sorta similar.

Now I have to sleep with my eyebrows drawn on because God forbid my mom sees that I fucked up my eyebrows, and that is possible because she knows that I never wear makeup while I'm home.


TL;DR: me being a dumb 15 year old idiot accidentally shaved my eyebrows because my little sister scared me."|fordcortinagirl|False|https://redd.it/eiksj2|2|1.0|0|3|1|tifu
einb2k|2020-01-01 20:30:37|TIFU while traveling in Prague|"so disclaimer: this didn't happen today but a couple of weekends ago and its quite a long story because its my whole weekend in prague which i guess was all just a big fuck up so thank you if you stick with this and read it all the way through. scroll to the bottom for a tl;dr

let me tell you what happened during my weekend in prague. our journey begins with a 6 hour train ride from budapest to prague. leaving budapest at 5:40 and arriving in prague at midnight.

and so the first two hours of the train ride were alright. i was dozing in and out of sleep cuz i was still battling jet lag and every time we were at a stop i was nervous someone was going to ask me to move seats. there's reserved seating but the ticket i bought didn't come with it.

anyways we get to slovakia and these 6 slovakians, 3 couples, sit in the same table as me. it's two seats facing each other with like a skinny table in the middle. same across the isle. so they have these seats reserved and i'm just sitting watching waiting to see if they ask me to move or not, but they dont. in fact they're super nice! they see me watching and stuff and they start offering me food and snacks. and i was like no it's okay thank you. but then they whip out this bottle of what i assumed was alcohol cuz they had little shot glasses with them and they offered some of that to me. and i mean when you're offered free alcohol on a train you take it. haha. so i sheepishly nodded my head and accepted. and then i smelt it and was like 'palinka?' (if you don't know, palinka's like the common village moonshine. all the families out in the countryside make this to use up their excess fruits and it's the primary liquor i've been drinking out here). and so i took it straight. they offered me chase and everything too and i was like no no its okay. AND THEY WERE SO IMPRESSED HAHAHA. there was a 20 year old with them too and he was chasing it and then they started roasting him calling him small but he was clearly taller than me. lmao. anyways instantly we're friends. we keep taking shots of this stuff and when we ran out they even went to buy beer and sandwiches for all of us to share! so the second half of the train ride was great! i got drunk for free! made some slovakian friends. learned how to say cheers in slovakian and even got one new facebook friend. lmao

so we get to our stop and we all get off the train. we hug and say bye and thus begins my journey to find the hostel. also turns out my data doesn't work in prague. idk why. so it's a good thing i had the hostel location saved on my phone, so i just used maps and walked towards that. and so my thinking was i'm gonna check in and then maybe get some food and then call it a night. but when i get to the hostel i rang the doorbell but nobody answered. and i waited for awhile but nothing. so i was like okay that's fine. they did say check in was from a certain time but i did tell them i was coming in late so idk. i'll go get some wifi somewhere and see if i can contact them. anyways i didn't really know where i was going but i walk into a random bar and i didn't want to be rude so i ordered a beer and then asked them for wifi. turns out they didn't have wifi so i ask him if knows anywhere that has wifi and he doesn't know and well fuck okay. so i'm there with like a beer i don't really want, wifi less, and hostel less.

i'm like okay next best thing. i ask the bartender if he knows where i can get some food at this hour. a lot of things were closed when i was walking there so iono. but he knows a place so he sends me to this pizza joint. and just to check i ask them if they have wifi and they dont. so i'm like fuck it. i haven't had a real dinner yet. all i had was the sandwich from the slovakians. i'll buy a slice of pizza and enjoy it. haha. so i'm there sitting alone at this small whole in the wall place with not much to do and this couple walks in and gets some pizza and sit down next to me. and i try to start conversation. lol. and at first they are hesitant but you know i got them talking and it's like the guy is from prague and the girl is from switzerland or something and the guy goes on trips to san francisco or something. and i was pretty drunk so i was just like bestowing random ass advice like oh man y'all should cherish each other and trust and value your time together and at the end of it i was like man look at us now. at first y'all didn't want to talk but i wasn't that weird, huh. lmao.

anyways i had finished my pizza slice and saved a relationship, so i left and walked back the way i came. for some reason, i couldn't find the hostel and it didn't click to me that i could use my phone without data. and i was in a pretty good mood after having those pretty good encounters so i was like fuck it. if i can't sleep, imma go to a club.

and so it's a five story club with like different themes on each floor. you'd think it'd be cool but it was just doing too much and seemed tacky and it wasn't too packed. and also! at the bottom floor it's an ice theme? like it's colder in there. lmao. but you have to pay more for it. idk i didn't quite understand. haha. anyways i'm in this club exploring each floor with like a fuck it type of mood and i enter the robot floor. and like it's completely empty and i'm like wth is this. and it's a floor literally dedicated to two robot arms that make your drink! so i'm like fuck it! let's try it. lmao. and it was kinda whatever. i took a video but at the time i was like wow this is so lame this is great. lmao. anyways i do some dancing, i get down. it's cool. i had fun. haha but it started to clear out and i'm like alright i'm done with this. i'll leave and try to find the hostel again.

but across the street is what i thought was a strip club. and i'm like well sure i'm here i don't really got anything else to do. and i've never been before so fuck ittttt let's go. so i go inside and i get a drink . oh and i ask them if they have wifi. and no they dont. anyways this bartender for some reason makes me two. but i'm like whatever that's fine i'll drink em and i go take a seat and sip my drinks. and so there's a girl dancing on the stage but afterwards she walks by to all the tables and she's like 'want to have sex?' and im shook like OH MY GOD. WHAT DID I GET MYSELF INTO. THIS AINT A STRIP CLUB, ITS A BROTHEL. and i was trying to think if it was legal and regulated in prague or not. cuz some of the girls were sooooo beautiful. and like i haven't fucked in awhile so i was like it could happen. i could be down. LMAO. but i was like nah i can pull. i'll be fine. so i left.

and so we resume the search for the hostel, no wifi, no direction. i just walk. and like i get to this big street a street i haven't been on before and i'm like this is fine. i'll just explore. lmao. so im walking and this part is kind of foggy for me. i don't quite know what exactly happened but as i'm walking i somehow end up walking with this girl and like i think but i'm not sure she asked if we could walk together and that's how it happened. but anyways i had no where to go so i was like sure. and so we're walking making good conversation and having a good time. and then she goes 'oh this is my turn here'. and i'm like 'oh fasho'. and well i try to hint at her i didn't have a place to stay but she didn't get the message. lmao. anyways what i thought i remembered was the she sent me a friend request on facebook. but like i think her phone was dead and i didn't have signal so that wasn't possible. but like that's important because the next morning when i woke up and was with david telling him the story i checked fb and there was no friend request and i was hella butt hurt by it and i couldn't remember a thing about her so i was started to second guess myself if this actually happened or not. BUT I FOUND PROOF IN THE FORM OF A IPHONE NOTE THAT SHE WAS REAL AND THIS AFTUALLY HAPPENED THE FOLLOWING MONDAY. lolol. i had gotten her name and the city she was from written down.

yeah so we part ways and i continue the same direction i was headed and low and behold i stumble upon an oasis! known to some as KFC. lmao. and so i'm like they have to have wifi. and so i go in and before i ask for wifi and order chicken li'm like hm i'll use the bathroom first so i go there only to find that i need a pin on the receipt. well lucky for me these two good spirited 16 year olds saved me a trip back to the cash register cuz they saw me try to use it and gave me the pin. and my drunk ass thought this was the nicest thing they could do for me so i bought a bucket of chicken wings and fries and bring it to their table for us to share. LMAO. one of them was down for it but the other one was probably like why is this weird asian dude sitting at our table and trying to give us food. anyways the dude that was into it kept getting up and talking to other friends so it was me and the dude that wasn't too into it. and i'm over here trying to make small talk and see if i can get to use his phone. lmao. it was a struggle but reluctantly he let me use his phone and so i got a general sense of where the hostel was.

somewhere near the river. and so again i'm off! i eventually hit the water but i'm like fuck. when i'm there idk whether to go up stream or down and like the hostel wasn't exactly by the water it was a block in so i didn't quite know where to turn in. but i'm just walking along this river. i'm starting to get shin splints now. like i've been walking all night. it's 7, 7:30am. i see the club i was at and the strip club across the street. the suns about to come up. my moral is low. i'm starting to give up thinking i'll just sleep on a bench it'll be okay. but as i sit down. i see movement inside a shop. these two workers were either opening up or closing the shop and good thing the door was unlocked because i bust in and go 'do you have wifi?' and at first they were like 'oh sorry were closed' and i rebuttal 'sorry i just really need wifi'

and they have it! and they give it to me. and i finally have directions on how to get to the hostel. and i get there and i look at the door bell and IT FUCKING TURNS OUT THERE WERE MORE BUTTONS THAN JUST THE ONE I WAS RINGING PREVIOUSLY AND THERES ONE THAT HAS THE HOSTEL NAME CLEARLY WRITTEN ON IT AND I GUESS I JUST DIDNT SEE IT WHEN I WAS FIRST THERE

anyways that's my first night in prague. i get into the hostel a lovely hostel. so clean. the facilities. the bed was super comfortable. the staff was friendly 10/10 would recommend. \[shameless plug: roadhouse hostel\]

and so i sleep for four hours til noon cuz that's when check out is. i shower and then i head to david's (my friend in prague).

and with david i give him a recap of the night and all the events that occurred. and then we go get some typical czech food for lunch and then we walk to town from his place and checkout a couple christmas markets. drank some mulled wine. took some pictures. ate a kielbasa. it was nice.

and so after the touristy stuff was out of the way, it's around 4 pm we go back to his place and take a nap. and like we plan to only sleep for a couple of hours so david sets one for 7:30 BUT I DONT HEAR SHIT AND I WAKE UP AT 9 PM. LIKE LITERALLY 5 HOURS. lmao

anyways we get dinner. some goooood garlic soup and schnitzel and some beers and some palinka. he doesn't like palinka too much. but anyways we finish by 11 and go to buy a bottle of whiskey to predrink. and to my surprise we talk and we drink and we finish the whole bottle of whiskey. it's 1:30 at this point and now it's time to party so we decide to head to the club

and so we get to the club. and like i didn't even realize the club was downstairs until the next morning when we returned. lmao. all of my memories and stuff were all jumbled. i thought there was a coat check when there clearly wasn't. lmao. but anyways it's a good time. we're dancing. we're doing our own thing. david checks his bank statement the next day and he says he bought drinks 9 times from the club. NINE TIMES. that's ridiculous. anyways so some of this i don't remember too well but at some point, i end up being thrown out of the club by the bouncers and i didn't have my jacket or my scarf because i left them on a table and i still can't pinpoint where my wallet went but i don't think it was in my pocket. and because all of those things were still in the club (i'm guessing with my wallet, they grabbed me as i was buying a drink so i guess it dropped from my hands or something). anways i try to throw them off me and i guess i was successful because they jump on my again and one of them starts to punch me in the face. i can clearly remember his fist coming into my cheek. and i think at some point i get pepper sprayed too. and so pepper spray burns so fucking bad. like it's literally spicy like the spicy noodle challenge but that shit was in my eyes on my face in my throat in my nose. like i was thrown out and i couldn't stay in one place because it burned so much. i was pacing up and down the street yelling and screaming looking like a straight up psycho. i'm

only in a t shirt too. it must've been such a sight. and like i can barely breath because the stuff is in my mouth and nose and i go to like random people outside at bars and i'm crying snot running down my face and i'm asking if they can get me some water cuz i can't breath. man i thought i literally was going to die. but like so the breathing thing subsided and but it's still burning. everything. but i'm more cognoscente (not sure how that's spelled lmao). and so i use my phone maps and i have the hostel saved so i walk in that direction (idk why i didn't do that the first night) but i get there face still hot as fuck. i'm super squinty cuz one it burns and two i think when i got thrown out my glasses got knocked off. so bitch i'm blind. and like fuck.

anyways i ring the bell cuz i know which one it is this time and someone asks 'are you checking in?' and i'm like oh fuck i don't have a reservation but i was like 'no i stayed there last night and i really need help can i come in' and so what a gent. they let me in. i still have a bracelet from the first night so i think that was helpful. and i'm sitting there face still burning i help myself to some water and i'm explainginnmy whole ass situation to the guy. and like fuck. i don't have anything on me. just my phone i guess. and i message david to let him know where i was and that i'm ready to go home whenever.

my face is still hot so i think taking a shower would help. and so i ask the guy if i can and he's such a sweetheart. ugh. all of the staff are. he approves it. but BIG MISTAKE. you know how you eat spicy stuff and you drink water and it spreads? well fucking pepper spray is the same. i think i eventually had gotten it out of my eyes but when i went to wash my face in cold water. it spread like wild fire again. it got in my eyes and just my face started to burn. it ran down to my shoulders and went to my balls. ugh. it was excruciating. so i come out of the shower and let him know it was a bad idea. and it was so painful i have to like scream. but i muffle my screams in the towel. and like all of this is still happening in front of the dude and so man i must've been a mess but he was super chill. he took it all in. his shift was coming to an end and he introduced me to his coworker. they said i could stay as long as i want. and i told my whole story to her too. ugh. what a time.

anyways david eventually gets back to me at like 8 am and was like let's go back home. and i'm like yeah okay that sounds good. i cal an uber and i get there around 8:40. THIS MOTHERFUCKER TAKES PHBLIC TRANSPORTSTION AND GETS ON THE WRONG TRAIN TWICE.

the fools doesn't get home til 10. and so i'm lucky there were people leaving his apartment complex so i can get in. remember i'm still in just a t shirt. and so i'm sitting in front of his door and i'm able to connect to wifi and so i'm messaging him but his talking gibberish and so whatever i sat in front of his door watching netflix waiting for him to get back.

and so this fool finally gets back and i've had a hell of a night i just want to sleep. i think i cancel my cards and then i call it a night.

we finally rise again at 2 and i tell him my whole story and we go back to the club but they say they haven't seen anything. my jacket, my wallet, my scarf. whatever. we have some lunch at this random place. david spots me. of course. lol. and then we go to the police station to report lost goods and assault. and man. we were there for 3 whole hours just waiting. just chilling i guess. we both needed to relax so it was fine. lol

and one of his friends even came! and she waited an hour at the police station while we were inside giving the testimony or whatever. anyways we get out and it's dark and we go to a less popular christmas market but it's still so very nice. i think it's a lot more beautiful than budapest's. anyways we have some mulled wine and just chit chat and then we get dinner. and have a few beers. and called it a night by 11.

i slept for like 2 hours and just couldn't sleep. not sure why. maybe i felt bad idk. but then i watched lalaland til i had to go to the airport at 5. and i guess that concludes my weekend in prague :)

and if you're wondering, i enjoyed lalaland :)

and prague.  


tl;dr first night in prague, i wandered aimlessly looking for my hostel, accidentally stumbled upon a brothel, and met many many strangers, even bought some a bucket of fried chicken. second night in prague, i got thrown out of a club, punched, pepper sprayed, and lost all my money, cards, wallet, jacket, scarf, AND GLASSES."|trizzyAtrack|False|https://redd.it/einb2k|0|0.54|0|1|1|tifu
eiq7jl|2020-01-02 00:16:08|TIFU by reading a post on this sub|"Blah blah blah this didn't happen today blah blah blah was a few months ago blah blah blah. 



One day I was reading through this sub and I see this story about a guy who flossed naked and hurt his willy. I laughed and thought ""what a fucking idiot how do you even do that"". 

Couple days later I'm waiting in the bathroom for the shower to heat up and I suddenly remember the post. For some stupid reason (that I still do not know why I thought was a good idea). I decide to try it out. And I didn't just gently floss. I went full super saiyan on that bitch, arms swinging harder than ever and cue about three seconds later after repeated extreme flossing, my dick is in a lot of pain and I'm seriously doubting my choices in life that lead me to make this decision. 



Tldr: read this sub about guy flossing and hurt his dick, tried it, hurt my dick."|johnny_davidson|False|https://redd.it/eiq7jl|0|0.44|0|5|1|tifu
eieeio|2020-01-01 05:14:15|TIFU by combining teenage recklessness with a few terrible friends.|"Obligatory this didn’t happen today, but a little more than two years ago. Late October 2017, while I was still in high school. I’m using a throwaway account because most of the stuff I did in the following story is still illegal, and I’d rather not post that in a very public fashion. Also, apologies for the formatting (I’m on mobile).Settle in, it’s gonna be a long one. 

Of course, we start with the background. I was about 16, and I’d pretty much just been known as a quiet guy until my sophomore year. I came out of my shell in spectacular fashion, and ended up going to parties just about every night. If not parties, I’d just smoke or drink with a few friends. Severe depression complemented by a truly awful circle of friends lead to a lot of very poor and impulsive decisions. 

On the day in question, it was essentially just a long string of fuck-ups culminating in a really big fuck-up. It was a Friday, and I was scheduled to attend a school event in a city that was about an hour away. However, a friend and I decided to spice it up by filling Gatorade bottles with watermelon Bacardi. Dumb, I know. I was basically just buzzed until I decided I was tired of the flavor and downed the rest of the bottle, which was about half full. I was drunk enough to act like an idiot, but sober enough to know I was acting like an idiot. I must’ve spent 30 minutes in a school bathroom, shaking and coming very close to vomiting. 

I stumbled out of the bathroom to reunite with my friend, who was definitely as drunk as me. We try to stagger down the stairs, which ends about as poorly as you might expect. I skipped a step going down and rolled down about half a flight of stairs before coming to a halt at the bottom and laughing it off, much to the concern of my coach and anyone else who might’ve seen the incident. 

After a series of pretty upsetting questions, we ended up getting off the hook. Man, how I wish it had ended there. On the bus home, we found out about a party at the house of one of our friends. However, it wasn’t just any house. It was THE party house of my town. I knew I couldn’t pass this up, so I asked my parents if I could stay the night with a friend. The official plan was  just to crash at the party house, but we’ll get to how that failed later. 

After we got home, four of us piled into the car of the DD and made our way to the party. We picked up some alcohol on the way, as that would basically be our ticket in. When we showed up, it turned out to be kind of a flop. Maybe a few cars were in the driveway, and about 10 people inside. I was trying to encourage some activity, so I picked up a bottle of Jim Beam and tried to hand it off. 

This is where it goes off the rails. One of the guys sitting on the couch asked if I was opening it, so I broke the seal and reached out to hand it to him. He leans forward and says, “Yo, bet you won’t drink it.” 

Not one to be outdone, I considered the possible outcomes. The way I saw it, I would either have a great night or literally die. In a morbid sense, this was a win-win at the time. So I brought it to my lips and drank 15 ounces of whiskey in about 30 seconds. 

Now, I don’t know how many of you have chugged alcohol before but it is certainly a unique experience. However, it is certainly not a pleasant one. The only satisfaction I felt came from knowing that the people in the room saw me do it. I walked around and mingled a bit more, knowing I had about 30 minutes before I blacked out. Unfortunately, this was when I discovered that nobody could take me in for the night. While this wasn’t a big deal, i just really didn’t feel like going home. 

The rest of the details I’ll be relaying to you were gathered from stories I heard about myself, accompanied by random flashes of consciousness. We left about 30 minutes after the whiskey incident, and I face planted pretty hard on the way to the car. This, I came to find out, was when I started drunkenly rambling about how much I liked my friends. I even confessed having a crush on the driver, who rejected me in no uncertain terms a few months later. We got back to my house after a 10 minute drive, at which point my “friends” physically kicked me out of the car. I remember kneeling on my driveway and actually begging them not to leave me, before they drove away without a thought to the safety of their fucked up friend. All I remember after this point was walking up to my door, discovering it was locked, ringing the doorbell, and being let in by my mom.

As anyone who’s been blacked out may tell you, that was a condensed version of the truth. What really happened was I walked to the door, found it was locked, fell through the railing of my porch into the flowerbed, vomited and pissed on myself, broke my glasses (and nose) in the process, and slept in 13 degree weather for three hours. At around 4 am, I found enough strength to ring the doorbell. My mom tells me that she heard my voice as she approached the door, and assumed I was talking to a friend. When she opened it she discovered her injured, dirty, and incredibly intoxicated son muttering “I’m so cold, I couldn’t get in” over and over like a psycho. She brought me in, and basically guided me into the bathroom so I could take a shower. I knew she was asking me questions, but damn if I understood what she was saying. 

Cue my next fuck-up, falling through the shower curtain. My mom walked in on me chilling, naked, on the floor. She took me to her shower, where I actually accomplished my goal of cleaning myself up. After that, I promptly collapsed on her bed and slept for 12 hours.

I’m sure you’re all curious as to the kind of fallout that might occur the next day. Well, my glasses were broken, my phone was gone, and my mom was very sad. The guilt was honestly much more painful than any sort of punishment. I apologized to my parents profusely, and felt a little better the next day.

To this day, I haven’t been drunk. The smell of whiskey, especially Jim Beam, makes me nauseous. So I guess the moral of the story is this; if you want to quit, traumatize yourself!

TL;DR: Chugged a bottle of whiskey, passed out on my porch for 3 hours in 13 degree weather."|theguywithbadfriends|False|https://redd.it/eieeio|17|0.95|0|2|1|tifu
ein4jp|2020-01-01 20:16:22|TIFU by wanting a taco on New Year's Eve|"I usually like to avoid the whole big party thing on New Year's, as I just find it always kind of turns to shit. So I stayed in last night, but still wanting to do something special for the occasion, I picked myself up a little of the ol' green and rolled a couple jazz cigarettes (I live in Canada, it's totally legal, get off my back). Around 11:30, completely stoned, I decided I really, really, wanted tacos. I pulled up uber eats and quickly found one of my favourite nearby Mexican places. I was literally in the middle of selecting my topping for a whole mess of tacos when I got a popup message that the place had just closed. Well, fuck.

Living in Canada it's really hard to find good Mexican food, and with the limited things open on New Year's, that one place closing was the end of any chance of me getting a taco. Heartbroken, but still stoned and hungry, I scrolled through many other options before eventually settling for Popeye's Chicken. This is where a little backstory is required. See, I recently got a new credit card, and have yet to update the payment information for any apps and whatnot. Instead I have my uber linked to my paypal, linked to my debit account. Which was currently wiped clean due to the holidays and my recent marijuana purchase. Now, I'm not an idiot, I was well aware of all of this, my plan was to simply add the new credit card to my paypal, put the order on that rather than the debit account, and pay it off in two days when my paycheck comes, avoiding any interest, as I have a two-week grace period.

My fuckup was this; while ordering, I noticed a countdown timer to when free delivery for this particular Popeye's was ending, and it was less that 20 seconds away from charging me an extra four bucks. So I panicked and immediately hit the 'place order' button, completely forgetting that I had yet to do any of the online banking bullcrap to ensure that payment would go through. By the time I did realize any of that, there was a guy on a bike five minutes from my door with the food. Too late to cancel. So I tried to add my credit card to paypal, but either because I was too high or because the site was too badly laid out, I could not get it to work. So my only option was a cash advance from my credit card to my bank account, which charges something insane like 30% a day interest immediately from the day you make the transfer, plus several other fees. And I can't possibly pay it off for a full two days. So in trying to avoid a four dollar delivery fee, I earned myself at least a solid fifteen to twenty bucks in bank fees.

Oh, and the food was disgusting. And I don't mean in the normal way that Popeye's is disgusting but also kind of awesome. I mean this was some kind of weird shitty bootleg Popeye's where they had the licence but no idea how to actually make the food. I ordered a four piece, which should normally be a breast, thigh, wing, and leg, and instead got maybe 10-12 small hunks of misshapen, boneless meat that didn't look like any distinguishable part of a chicken. There was way too much breading, and as I had ordered it spicy, there were several deposits of way too much chili powder awkwardly shoved into crevices in the chicken after cooking. Seasoning, breading, and the basic act of breaking down a chicken all completely eluded the employees of this particular Popeye's. Oh, and, writing this the next morning, I can tell you it completely destroyed my stomach. Now I'm in debt, shitting my ass all day, and surprisingly hungover from the weed. And I never got my taco. Yep, seems like this decade's gonna be just as bad as the last one. Happy new year, reddit.

TL;DR: Wanted a taco, ended up with disgusting reject fried chicken and a bunch of credit card interest"|thedick009|False|https://redd.it/ein4jp|1|0.6|0|0|1|tifu
eifzx5|2020-01-01 08:11:43|TIFU but from my mother|"About  an hour ago my mom had a TIFU moment by washing some clothes that had  been forgotten in the washer for a couple of days. She did the usual add  soap and then some color safe bleach to get rid of the slight mildew  smell and here is where the fuck up happens. She decides to then add  some white vinegar after hearing on the internet (Pinterest) that the  vinegar helps remove mildew odors from clothes. Fast forward about 15  minutes into the wash cycle when this science fair volcano decides to  start bubbling and then during the last 10 minutes of the rinse and spin  cycle, this damn volcano decides to erupt and in the process, the  eruption managed to open the locked door on the front loading washer she  has. This eruption managed to create about 15 gallons of bubbles that  spewed out.

TL;DR mother accidentally created a science fair volcano by adding vinegar to the soap and bleach mix."|Just_N_Sayne|False|https://redd.it/eifzx5|9|0.86|0|2|1|tifu
eict0u|2020-01-01 02:36:35|TIFU by committing to my New Years resolution|"My New Years resolution is to learn how to do a split. I figured it’s a reasonably achievable goal, could be a cool party trick, and becoming more flexible/agile/dexterous can’t be a bad thing.

I’m getting older, mid 30s, and I’m becoming like the Tin Man - tight muscles, stiff and achy joints, etc. I also have no experience with gymnastics or yoga, so I have no idea how I should go about achieving this goal. So I do what any reasonable guy would do in my position and I google “how to do a split” and click on the first article titled “7 easy stretches to achieve a split in 7 days” or something to that extent.

The article pops up in my screen (I’m at work) and I scroll to the first set of images demonstrating the stretches, just as my coworker walks in.

Turns out, most websites devoted to demonstrating gymnastic techniques use 8 year old girls in their gymnastics uniforms... it took a lot of back peddling to explain why I had these images pulled up on my laptop, luckily I had my “before” pictures of me attempting a split earlier that morning on my phone, which helped my case. In the end, I think I convinced him I’m not a creeper, though I may be on a government watch list.

TL/DR - resolution is to do a split, google “how to do a split” at work, article featured young girls in tights, coworker walks in

Also: I want to preemptively state that I am not sexualizing these kids, or shaming the sport, or anything like that. It’s just an awkward situation out of context."|AdamReggie|False|https://redd.it/eict0u|25|0.96|0|2|1|tifu
eij8tr|2020-01-01 15:07:39|TIFU By alienating my specialty mechanic by not being sensitive enough to their needs.|"This happened about 6 mo. ago.  I have this 1971 military truck with an unusual engine and it's really, really difficult finding anyone who knows how to work on it because you would've have had to had been a mechanic in the military, probably before 2000 since they stopped making the truck in 1988.  The one I found worked in a commercial truck shop that charged about 2/3 what other commercial shops in the area charged and as a consequence they were always busy.  

So, I needed some work done and told the guy who I was always forwarded to whenever I called (later found out he's the owner) that I would need some work in about 4 mo.  He's like ok.  Time rolls around and I call to make an appt. and he says they're really busy and maybe call next week.  Now, because this is a hobby truck and everyone else getting work done is trying to make a living, I can understand how they're not in a hurry to work on my truck + they only have one mech who can work on the engine.  So, I call a week later, and told to call back again.  This goes on for a month, and really, it's not that big of a deal because while I wait, there's work I can do on it.  Finally, though, he says, ok bring it in.  Now, I wait 2 weeks and they don't call and I finally call and the guy says, ""didn't get to it, call next week"".  And now this goes on for another 3 weeks.  Finally, I've had it. 

By the 5th week they've had the truck, I wait until Friday and just stop by to pick up my truck.  I'm a little pissed off, and when I walk in the guy I usually talk to isn't there and there's a older woman who I've seen before but didn't know her position and never really talked to.   So, I talk to her and explain that they've had my truck for weeks now, and each week I'm told to keep calling back and nothing gets done.  And I'm here to pick up the truck.  She tells me that Jim (I didn't know his name) has been out, and that no one really knows what's going on with my truck.  This doesn't sit well with me, and I say that surely someone must know something.  Then she says Jim is the one that handles my truck and he's got skin cancer.  Now, I just talked to this guy last week, and I know skin cancer has a really high cure rate, so I figure he's probably doing ok, and just isn't in today and I'm a little annoyed that know one even knows the status of my truck.  So, I ask again about what's the deal with my truck.

She tells me to follow her and we walk out to the shop floor.  Now there are probably a dozen trucks being worked on, but mine's nowhere in sight.  She flags someone down and asks about the truck.  The guy responds that everything is done but one thing (I had a list of 4 things) and that the truck is parked in the back.  She tells me, ""let's get you out of here.""  Well, we walk that way, and as we get clear of the floor, I try and apologize.  I say I'm really sorry that I didn't realize that the truck had had any work done as I've called each week and nothing was done and no one had called me.  She replies, ""I told you my husband has cancer and you don't care at all"".  I try to apologize again, but she very politely says, ""lets get you out of here""  Which, I read between the lines and take to mean: GTFO my property and don't come back.  So, I drive my truck away, and get a friend to drive me back there because I'm afraid they might tow the car I left on their lot.

TLDR: Mechanic took forever to get to my truck, and I got annoyed and wasn't as compassionate as I could've been and now I've lost the access to the only mechanic for probably 100 miles who can work on my truck."|Black_Magic_M-66|False|https://redd.it/eij8tr|2|0.67|0|6|1|tifu
eiomu6|2020-01-01 22:10:04|TIFU i've been sucked by a bathtub|"TIFU - 
So this happened litteraly an hour ago. 
I was having a great time with my boyfriend ( I=m 18y ans him=m 21y) in my bathtub. We were flirting a bit and everything was going very well until we were both starting to go in the middle of the hot tub for no actual reason but cuddling, but from this point the hor tub started to suck both of us at the bottom of it. 

My ass and the leg of my boyfriend were in first line getting sucked by this thing. Therefore we both tried to exit this succion but with no results. We started to panic because we were alone af in the hot tub and we were both stuck. 
After multiple tries to escape we finally succeded but the results were here. I have a gigantic bruises that swelled pretty badly and that the same thing with my ass cheeks it's the biggest bruise my boyfriend and I had never seen. And my boyfriend have kind of the same thing but on his dick... but less bruised. 
Now it's hurting like a bitch for the both of us and I don't know how much time we will have to endure that. 
In the aftermath I called the emergency to be sure we weren't endangered because of this and they just laughed at us and said there were no risks or anything.
Now at the end of the day we are both suffering from our bruises and ashamed because this is seriously the most stupid thing that happened to the both of us...

Tl;dr- my boyfriend and I have been sucked by a hot tub and now we have ridiculously big bruises."|tabrol|True|https://redd.it/eiomu6|0|0.42|0|13|1|tifu
eibdxz|2020-01-01 00:30:27|TIFU eating chocolate|"First of all, Happy New Year's everyone. I hope you guys are having a great time. TL;DR at the bottom

Okay, so this happened like 40 minutes ago and I just hate things right now. So I was eating an Oreo chocolate candy bar, and I broke off a couple of pieces, you know, as you do, and a couple of those little chocolate bits in the middle fell out, so I found one and ate it, and then I find ... something.

So, I have a cat. A cat that's getting older and sometimes, stuff will fall out of her. Here's where the fuck up happened. I picked up this thing that looked like chocolate. But oh no. It was not. It definitely was not. I ran to the bathroom, saying ""Oh no, oh no, oh no"" toothbrush in hand, squeezed a lot of toothpaste on it and started scrubbing. Not brushing. Scrubbing. Gagging kicked in, Mom, sister and Dad thought it was funny, I was in tears. Swishing around peroxide made me gag harder.

So anyway, don't tell anyone to ""eat shit"" cause they actually might

TL;DR accidentally put a tiny piece of cat feces in my mouth and gagged like a mad woman"|HeyYouShouldSmile|True|https://redd.it/eibdxz|28|0.91|0|5|1|tifu
eiq4dn|2020-01-02 00:08:49|TIFU by smoking weed|"Obligatory *this didn't happen today* but it should be enough of a fuck-up to not matter much. This is also a throwaway account, the last thing I want is to bring on unnecessary worry on them.

This happened back on January of 2019 and still unfortunately affects me to this day. So, I was out with my friends on someone else's birthday and it was during this that I was given the opportunity to smoke some weed. Mind you, with was my first time so naturally, I wanted to see how it was and essentially, what I was missing out on. I was also not peer pressured into smoking it, I decided to accept it long before I got to the point. So, the joint's being passed around and I take a few hits, not really knowing how many you should take. I think it was around like 4. After doing that, we went around to the nearest mall and it was during the walk there that I first started to feel something. It felt like I was slowly being put into a state of relaxation, which is pretty much what I expected. As we got on the metro, I started to feel like I was being dragged away from my body and that I was pretty much in 'autopilot' mode, which I think is what happens as well. Nothing too special. 

We made our way to the mall because my friends were starting to get hungry which was being perpetuated by the weed, which makes sense. Though, I personally wasn't that hungry. Once we get to Burger King in the mall, we order some stuff and start eating them. By this time, my friends and I have felt the full effects of the weed and we were just in this soothing silence. They were talking about some stupid things, though I don't recall what they were saying, I wasn't really in a state to care enough. So, I guess the fuck up starts as we start eating. Half way through my burger, I suddenly just stop. I can't eat any more. I put the burger down. This makes more sense if I give some background on me.

I am someone who's had a history of anxiety which I've never seen anyone about, since it really wasn't that big of a deal. I was always described as a 'worrier' and someone who needs to relax more. I've also had a fair few panic attacks throughout my life. Now, where this fits into this story comes next. Mind you, though, I did not immediately make the connection between my background of anxiety and what's to come, not until days later.

I put the burger down because I immediately felt an overpowering sense of dread and panic. To the point of me starting to shake. My heart started racing and I felt like it was going to pound out of my chest. To not worry others, I just held it in but soon enough I found that it was too much. I couldn't keep this contained. From the outside, I looked totally fine. It was a strange sight; I felt the worst panic attack of my life but at the same time, I looked like I was fine. Thankfully, I had some friends there who were not high so they took care of me for a little bit until the high wore off. But from the outside, all you saw was a guy who seemed to be fine just constantly telling others that he feels terrible and that he doesn't want to feel high anymore. I wanted to get rid of the high as fast I could since I saw that as the cause but I obviously couldn't. 15 minutes of desperate google searches had not yielded anything.

So I just stayed there until the high wore off, with a friend of mine who sticked around for me. As the high wore off, the feeling did so as well. 

However, if this was a case of me having a bad trip and going on about my day, I wouldn't post it on here. Arguably what came next was what made the decision to smoke the weed perhaps the worst decision of my life. As I woke up the next day and went to school, I felt a strange sensation. I felt a bit 'off' and just felt that I was 'out of it'. I also felt quite a bit of anxiety alongside it. I thought that maybe I was sick and was just worrying about it. I was wrong. As I went to my first lesson, I felt something I had not for some time. I feel completely incompetent and felt that I couldn't think straight. I couldn't perform how I used to. This increased my anxiety and made me panicky. At this point I knew that something was definitely off, and because it hindered with my cognitive functioning, it was alarming to me. This anxiety even caused me to vomit, as a physical reaction to it. I decided to go home at this point because I couldn't stand upright because of how much of a panic I got into. 

At home, I had some time to calm down and think about what may be wrong with me. My parents had suggested that perhaps it was a cold, which is something I wanted to believe. But I knew that this was just something more. Something worse than a simple cold. So, following what anyone in my position would do, I started googling every symptom and feeling I had in order to understand what I had.

This search led to me to find a condition which scared the fuck out of me. A condition whose mere name gives me anxiety now. This condition was *Depersonalisation Derealisation Disorder.* As I read more into it and its causes (one of which was weed), I was put into a state of pure terror and dread. This is a condition which makes you essentially perpetually feel disconnected from your body through feelings of apathy, lack of feeling of the senses alongside other things that just make you feel *out of it.* I can't quite describe how I feel because it's not easily described in words. Having read all this, I urged my parents to book an appointment with a psychiatrist **ASAP** as this was a mental health condition. This was also a mistake in hindsight; I read too far into forums and discussions threads. Within these threads, people described having this condition for the last decade or so and in the process, it ruining their lives, their relationships and them losing touch with who they *used to be*. This added fuel into the fire that was my panic upon my discovery of what I had. 

Until the appointment, I was essentially bed-ridden and **the only thing** that was on my mind was the phrase *Derealisation Disorder*. In hindsight, this perpetuated my symptoms, as the condition is one which is caused by chronic anxiety and is actually a natural defense mechanism of the body. If you've ever had a panic attack, you've likely felt the disconnection from Depersonalisation Derealisation Disorder. But I just have it 24/7. In the appointment, I described everything. I had to. At that point, I would do anything to rid myself of this. My psychiatrist acknowledged what I had and prescribed me anti depressants and anxiolytics to combat it, which calmed me down a little bit because I liked to take comfort in having full faith in the medicine fixing me. 

Months go by after this appointment and the DPD/DRD has not gone away. I am still in a perpetual state of disconnection. However, its severity has been reduced a little bit. The feeling aside, it has other side-effects which would put even the strongest-willed people into despair. The predominant one was the feeling of apathy and me not feeling emotions that same way I used to. I wasn't completely emotionless, just not as responsive to emotions. This meant that any feeling of happiness or content I had was slowly drained out of me and what replaced it was a perpetual state of depression and hopelessness. *I will never get better. I will have this for years to come.* Those are the thoughts I had almost every day. This depressive state I had was not fixed by the anti depressants, but rather perpetuated by it. The side effects of the anti depressant was also noteworthy; I couldn't sleep well and I felt no rest from sleep. I also woke up extremely late. So, I started to lose interest in sleep. 

As you may imagine, I dug myself deeper in my hole of depression with this; I started to sleep at 2 or 3 AM everyday and eventually, I got to the point where I only sleep 4 hours a night. I also started to isolate myself from my social group because I hated what I had become. I didn't want to raise concern or draw attention to my broken self through being with others. Again, this just put me further into despair because it clearly did nothing to fix the DPD/DRD. Nothing did. I forced myself to be with others and started to focus all of my time into my school work because if I had lost all of my academic capabilities, then my life would be made so much worse. I couldn't risk getting worse grades. So then I start over-working and got sub-par results with that. So studying didn't work and neither did socialising. What else could I do? Nothing I did rewarded me. Studying did jack. Socialising with friends made me depressed because it only highlighted how badly I fucked up as I saw the contrast between them and I. 

Recently I have gone to the psychiatrist again because a mental health episode of another friend of mine brought back the horrible feelings I had at the start of this whole ordeal. It was then that I was recommended to stop taking anti depressants and now I take Lyrica to combat the anxiety. The rationale was that since my condition is based on anxiety, it makes sense to treat that. Depression was an unfortunate side-effect. I feel a little better but I am beyond having hope. Having hope always leads to the worst outcome as ultimately, you are disappointed with the results. I know I will not be cured soon. That is what made December 31 2019 an especially depressing day for me; It was essentially the 1 year anniversary of me fucking up my life. I can't stand that thought. 

I wish I could have a happy ending to this story and given some constructive advice to others. But I can't. Either the happy ending will never come or it will come much later on. 

So I will leave you with this thought; think about your pre-existing conditions before you smoke weed. If you suffer from heavy anxiety, then perhaps think a little more before you smoke it. But I do realise that my condition is rare and that the vast majority of smokers are fine, so I don't hate weed. I just hate myself for doing this to myself. 

In reflection, I don't really know why I'm writing this. I could have kept it to myself. But perhaps an online forum like this can make others think more about mental illness and what it means because I didn't feel the same way about it before the ordeal. That's the only positive to this; I am much more understanding and sympathetic with others with mental health conditions.

Also, please don't recommend that I visit r/dpdr, that sub is a pure echo chamber of depression and sadness. I'd rather go on not acknowledging the severity of people's problems there.

I'm sorry for this extremely depressing post. I thought that maybe putting it out there might have some positive effects

TLDR; I smoked weed and now i've had Depersonalisation Derealisation Disorder for about a year."|BeanWaterMan|False|https://redd.it/eiq4dn|0|0.39|0|7|1|tifu
ei5nws|2019-12-31 17:12:41|TIFU by leaving my anal Fleshlight in the shower (NSFW)|"Obligatory “didn’t happen today blah, blah, blah, etc...”

Quick background on me... 26 year old, socially awkward virgin who family members are suspecting is gay due only to my having never dated in any capacity.

A few months ago, I was home alone and went to take a shower... decided to bring my Riley Reid anal Fleshlight with me, (because why not?) and proceeded to absentmindedly leave it on the edge of the tub after a quick scrub and tug.

Fast forward about 3 hours, I walk into the bathroom and instantly feel my heart violently assault my uvula as I spot said Fleshlight upside down, leaning against the wall on the opposite edge of the tub from where I left it.

There I stood on the cold tile floor, reeling, as my mind conjured a private screening of events as they had likely occurred in the fateful hours, minutes and seconds leading to this nausea inducing moment. My older brother, coming home late from work, and his girlfriend one step behind him, proceed to, as always, shower together. There is no doubt that they both saw it. At least one of them physically handled it.

At this point I should mention that there are no markings on this Fleshlight indicating that it is, in fact, molded from a female pornstars ass, thus one could easily assume, while staring down the barrel, that this is the siliconized dookie chute of a man.

It’s been about 3 months since this scandalous affair transpired, and there has been no mention of my brothers unfortunate shower-time discovery... for this I am grateful. The air of awkwardness was, and to an extent, still is, palpable. I believe my brother feels his suspicions of me being gay have been confirmed, and I cannot argue this without risking the subject of my $70 once-abandoned-in-the-shower rubber anal hole being broached.

TL;DR... Left my rubber anus sex toy in the shower, brother found, and is now sure that I’m gay as I’ve never dated and I obviously fuck rubber assholes.

inb4 homophobia accusations

Edit: I simply must mention the fact that I also have Riley Reid’s vagina Fleshlight, but of course that couldn’t be the one I left in there... I feel the situation would be marginally better if that were the case... but alas, I just had to stuff it in the stink star that day.

Edit 2: The comments have become something of an “AMA” due to my status as an experienced rubber pumper... so... feel free to “AMA” Reddit! I am open to sharing my unfortunate knowledge."|SolumAeternum|True|https://redd.it/ei5nws|94|0.78|0|56|1|tifu
ei9xzd|2019-12-31 22:35:06|TIFU By being high and possibly surveilled as part of a pedophile sting possibly ruining it in the process.|"Obligatory ""happened 10 years ago"". when I was 16

A good friend lets call him ""M"" and I were at his house after school. We were pretty good kids in high school, a few run-ins with pot and a short stint of shoplifting 8 layer CD's to burn modded Xbox games onto aside. Anyways he decides he wants to smoke up and breaks out this massive, intricate 2L pop bottle bong, thing used at least 4 bottles for like an ice chamber and other stupid stuff. So we start smoking and immediately it hits me. I didn't smoke a lot so I wasn't used to it and this time i smoked a LOT.

Out of fucking nowhere my boy ""M"" turns to me and says ""hey man my dads going to be home in 20 minutes and I'm grounded so I can't have anyone over but he won't be here long so I'll text you to come back."" his dad was a big guy in the military, not violent or anything he's a good guy. Dumb young me was just scared shitless so I quickly gather my things to go. Now down the road, there is a little park. maybe a 5-minute walk MAX. so I make my way (there) notice a lone girl swinging on a second swing set think nothing of it cause its a playground and start swinging on another swing set.

Back then I had a dope ass Motorola RAZR and couldn't browse anything, so to stave off boredom I'm just looking around kinda zoning out and I see a cop car pass. then another. nothing too suspicious yet. 10 ish minutes later another pair swing by (most likely same pair). and AGAIN 10 ish minutes later. Now I'm getting sketched out. heads on a swivel. I think the 5-0 knows I smoked the devil's lettuce. I'm desperately checking my phone for a text from my buddy. his dad probably just arrived home so I'm just waiting on him to bug out.

It's around this time that I noticed cars with people in them here [https://imgur.com/a/fZqiOLc](https://imgur.com/a/fZqiOLc) (ive drawn a handy map cause I can't get the hyperlink to work) I first notice car 1 and think nothing of it, probably the girl's family. then I notice cars 2 and 3. also with people in them. just sitting there. at this point, I don't know how long they've been there so I just guess family and people from nearby homes. another 20 minutes. some more cop drive-bys and the cars are still there, occupants and all. but... so is this girl. and I'm thinking damn this hoe love to swing she been here longer than I have. Then one of the cops pulls on the road leading to car one rolls down his window as does car 1 and they have a little chat I cant hear.

Suddenly my high brain starts putting things together I'm running calculations and I arrive at ""this girl is bait and these cops are trying to catch a pedo using undercover vehicles."" I'm losing it at the fact that these cops might think I'm a predator and are gonna bust out of these cars any second and arrest my ass. of course the sober, smarter me now knows this wouldn't happen.

I'm freaking the fuck out thinking of having to explain to my parents why I got arrested for being a pedo while stoned out of my mind so I get off the swing check my phone. no text. and decide I'm going to casually stroll into the trail and HOOF it out of there. I start walking and decide to steer clear of the swing set cause if it is a sting getting close will probably be the end and as I'm walking past the cop car and car 1 everyone in it is just staring lasers into me.

I get far enough onto the walking trail to lose line of sight with them and I start running as fast as I can. I start getting winded and think its because I'm running. So I slow down to catch my breath NOPE panic attack. I can't breathe and I'm shaking like a leaf so I lay down on the gravel for a bit forming a puddle of sweat thinking any second a cop gonna spring from the bushes and cuff me.

That doesn't happen, thank god. After about 10 minutes the tightness and shortness of breath passes and I check my phone. My bud texted me, coast is clear. I hobble over to my friend's place and try to explain the story of my hour-long ordeal and he's losing it he's laughing so fucking hard and I'm still terrified. I didn't hear the end of it for weeks. it also had longer-reaching effects than I thought. Pot has since been legalized for my entire country and I still can't smoke if I even think I may be going out in public.

To this day I'm convinced it was 100% a sting for pedos by cops/vigilantes. they may have set it up on a chat site for a meet and I may have fucked up catching a real predator cause the cops cars started patrolling when I got there. 

TL;DR: got baked with a friend, had to leave for a bit to wait out his dad. sat in a park for almost an hour and may have inadvertently been the subject of police surveillance for a pedo sting that resulted in a panic attack and my inability to smoke pot in public since its legalization."|GibbyGiblets|False|https://redd.it/ei9xzd|33|0.98|0|4|1|tifu
ehqaey|2019-12-30 18:58:49|TIFU By punching my girlfriend in the throat|"Ok, obligatory happened a few days ago, Xmas day to be exact... This was my first Christmas with my girlfriend, also the first time cooking Christmas dinner by myself (turned out fantastic, thanks for asking) as well as the first time spending time with her father.

So, long story short, I started drinking quite early, combined with the early wake up, by the time dinner was over with and we were alone, I decided it was nap time. This was around 5pm.

Tanya got bored of waiting for me to wake up, but she knows I can be grumpy if you try to wake me from a nap, so she decided it would be sweet to wake me with a kiss. Cute right? Well you'd think so, but to me, I was shocked awake to see a figure looming over me and before I knew what was going on, instinct took over and I quickly jabbed her in the throat...

I apologised as soon as I gained full consciousness and realised what had happened, but she was still (understandably) upset.

But all's well that ends well, she's not a crazy bird, she knows it wasn't intentional and only took about 20 minutes to kiss and make up.

There's my story, if you made it this far, thanks for reading, have a good new year and be excellent to eachother

TL : DR  got drunk on Christmas Day and turned into Bruce Lee, kissed and made up quickly

Edit: so just wanna say, I'm happy I could provide a bit of entertainment to you guys over the new year, I was a bit hesitant to share my story as I know how easily it could be misconstrued that I'm a wide beater,but thankfully there's only been a small minority making that kind of comment. The only downside is I've had some weird dm's, the most sane one being some guy trying to sell me Viagra...

Edit 2: to the guy asking about my username, I wish I was attracted to men because life would be so much easier ""hey Dave, wanna game of FIFA, winner gets a bj?"" But alas, I'm a red blooded male"|wishiwasgay86|False|https://redd.it/ehqaey|8149|0.92|1|362|1|tifu
ei7iai|2019-12-31 19:24:06|TIFU by giving my boyfriend a blowjob.|"This actually happened last night... but I'm still so ashamed that I feel the need to punish myself by sharing it with the world. Warning: TMI Alert.

TL;DR at bottom!

Sooo my Aunt Flow was in town last night, but I was feeling frisky. I was also slightly intoxicated after skipping dinner yet still managing to polish off nearly half a Bota Box of Malbec and so perhaps as a result, I was also in a particularly giving mood by the time my boyfriend (29, M) and I (31, F) made our way upstairs and got into bed. Now before I get into the gnarly details of the evening's not-so-happy ending, I gotta toot my own horn first and just say that my oral skills (so I've been told by those fortunate enough to have experienced them) are typically pretty darn spectacular. I never let my teeth get in on the action, always finish the job, and yes boys, I finish it the RIGHT way, just sayin'. Anyways... that being the case, the beau was thoroughly enjoying himself for all of about 10 minutes that otherwise, would have been the best blowjob of his life (his words, not mine). After an impressive number of ooh's and ahh's and mmhmm's and oh-yeah-baby-just-like-that's, I could tell we were getting close to the finish line. It was the home stretch now. My neck was a bit sore and my lips felt like they were about to fall straight off of my face but I was determined to elicit a climax of epic proportion for my guy (I'll admit - he was long overdue for a ""favor"" like this one). So I powered through. Up down, up down, faster, deeper... you get the point. When he's close to the edge and really liking what's going on down there, my boyfriend usually gets a little fidgety and starts gently thrusting (or not so gently - fine by me when the mood's set right). Normally, this is my favorite part of the routine, second only to the grand finale itself... it helps me keep up the perfect pace for him and since he's doing some of the work for me, actually takes a nice load off (pun intended) my own by-then fatigued neck.

Having read thus far into my detailed narrative, by now you might be thinking, ""Geez, get to the point already."", or perhaps that it's time to open up Safari in private mode, navigate straight to PornHub, and take care of that boner you've got. If the latter is true for you, it's best that you go ahead and do so NOW, before you continue reading. Rest assured that any soldiers standing at attention will soon find themselves shriveled up and dead.

So, there I was, positioned submissively on my knees, looking up at my S.O. and loving everything about the look of in-the-moment ecstasy on his face. He's moving his hips up and down off the bed, fast, in and out of my mouth. I feel him beginning to swell up and about to release, and then...

He hits it. Hard. My gag reflex. Vomit. Everywhere. Remember the wine? LOTS and LOTS of wine? Yes. Blood-red vomit ALL OVER the place. On his manhood. On his belly. On my face. Down my throat, dripping down my chest. And the sheets. Dear God, the sheets. Soaked straight through to the mattress. It was horrific, like a scene straight out of The Walking Dead. If someone had walked in on us, they'd have run for their lives and then called the police to report a homicide. Fortunately no one actually died, but believe me when I say I wished I had in that moment. I've been able to handle my fair share of bedroom faux-pas gracefully in the past, but there was absolutely no grace to be had for me last night.

I will say, all's well that ends well though. Ultimately, I swapped out the sheets with clean bedding and boyfriend managed (miraculously) to get it back up. We rounded out the night with some good old fashioned missionary (at that point, a little period blood wasn't gonna stop us) and both got our happy ending. I can't say for sure since I don't have any myself, but pretty sure red balls still beat the blue kind any day of the week. So there's that. And thank goodness for skipping dinner because, hey... it could have been worse (i.e. Chunky). Too much? Yeah... Sorry not sorry.

TL;DR: I was giving my boyfriend some glorious head but totally ruined it when I finished by vomitting all over his privates, myself, and our bed. Gross."|WhoopsieDaisy88|False|https://redd.it/ei7iai|52|0.78|0|22|1|tifu
eiba1k|2020-01-01 00:21:48|TIFU by watching Good Boys on an airplane and almost causing an emergency landing|"(Obligatory, this was last week.) So, I was watching Good Boys on an airplane, and got to a particularly funny spot (drone+chimney for those who have seen it) and started laughing really really hard. Unfortunately, I was still getting over a case of whooping cough (yes, you can get it even if you are immunized.) This led to a coughing fit so hard that my eyes rolled back in my head, and I started to shake uncontrollably and almost lost consciousness. My wife screamed for help and someone ran to get the flight attendant and everyone nearby on the plane was kind of freaked out and once I recovered I had to explain that it was no big deal, I was just watching a really funny movie...  

(This is called a Vasovagal Syncope and is harmless but totally freaky... The fainting spell comes with very pleasant dreamlike hallucinations, but scares anyone who sees it happen.)

TL;DR I watched Good Boys on an airplane, laughed so hard that I nearly passed out, scared everyone on the plane, and narrowly avoided causing an emergency landing."|FruitOfTheVineFruit|False|https://redd.it/eiba1k|20|0.95|0|2|1|tifu
eifobf|2020-01-01 07:32:50|TIFU by submitting my college application without reviewing it|"I filled out the common app several months ago so most of the information is incorrect. My address, counselor info, testing, and courses are all wrong. Luckily it was only to one college but it’s still my second choice school (it would be first if it wasn’t so expensive). Idk wtf was wrong with me today when I thought to submit it thinking it was due today at 11:59 pm when the deadline isn’t for another 12 hours.  

So I started the new year by potentially effing up my future. What a great way to start the new decade! I know there are more important issues in the world but I’m having a mental breakdown because now I just potentially decreased my chances of getting into the school when it was already hard enough. I emailed them but who’s gonna admit a student who doesn’t double check for errors. I don’t even have someone else to blame cause it’s all my fault, I waited last minute to do something. I started 2020 by crying so the rest of the year isn’t looking great.

TL;DR: I didn’t look over my application for my second choice school before submitting so a lot of the info is incorrect."|rachel_bg|False|https://redd.it/eifobf|5|1.0|0|10|1|tifu
eid5qs|2020-01-01 03:11:06|Tifu by thinking a coworker was into me|"I am a solid 6/10 and I have many times pulled good looking girls. So I have a decent amount of confidence, and I have a lot of charisma. For the past 2 months I’ve made friends with this funny, smart, nerdy, goofy, and very pretty girl at work. We talk at length just about every day we are working together and always asks me when I’m working. We even jokingly flirt back and forth. Sometimes I’ll look up and catch her looking at me/in my direction just smiling, and then she waves of our eyes meet. That last part started making me suspect she might be interested in me. Occasionally she has even asked me what kind of things I like in a girl. And what some of my kinks are. We share a few. 

Well this has been ongoing for a couple months and I decided i would shoot my shot and ask her out. Well I did, and her smile immediately faded. She looked at me in confusion, and said the most disheartening words to hear. “I’m sorry anon, your my favorite coworker, you make this job so less terrible, but that’s all.”

And she didn’t talk to me the rest of the shift, almost seemed to be avoiding me. I’m usually pretty good with discerning a girl being nice, and a girl being my friend. Work is going to get very awkward and boring. 

TLDR: a coworker who I thought was a friend and maybe even slightly interested in me. Said I was just another coworker to her when I asked her out."|Countdini2000|False|https://redd.it/eid5qs|11|0.87|0|4|1|tifu
ehul8j|2019-12-31 00:05:28|TIFU by allowing my girlfriend to give my 16 year old cousin a vibrator|"This TIFU happened a few days ago during Christmas. I had been working late so I blindly ok'd all gifts this season that my girlfriend came up with.

Let me introduce my girlfriend to you. She is a very naive asian girl that knows nothing about vibrators and would never own one. She just doesn't find sex toys appealing. With that in mind, her mom is about the same. Very conservative,  naive asian mom. Let's call her 'Lucy Taka' for this post. Apparently Lucy has a back massager with a vibrating head that supposedly helps get rid of tightness on your shoulders. She recommended this item as a gift to give to my cousin.

On Christmas day, my cousin, who is a quiet teen was opening her presents when she came across this one gift from Happy-Vibrato and the Taka's. Excitedly, she removed the wrappers to reveal an Hitachi Magic Wand. At that moment, I knew I messed up. The room got very quiet very fast. My cousin pulled out a note and read it out loud ""We hope you like it! Love, Lucy, \[GF\], and Happy"".

My uncle looked at me with the biggest face of disappointment and said ""why must you do this?""

My girlfriend looked at me all confused and said ""What's wrong? You said it was okay!""

Room busted out in laughter.. 

My cousin awkwardly set the box aside and moved on to the next gift. Now my older (male) cousins keep teasing me to buy them vibrators too. 

&#x200B;

My cousin texted me later that night and told me that it does make a great back massager. She is keeping it for her shoulder stress knots.

TLDR: Ok'd  too much. GF's family gave my cousin a vibrator."|Happy-Vibrato|False|https://redd.it/ehul8j|1627|0.95|2|135|1|tifu
eif1a3|2020-01-01 06:18:15|TIFU by getting a sext while my phone was cast to the TV and my in laws saw it|"This literally happened 30 min ago. My in-laws are in town for the holidays and I just wanted to show everyone the new We Rates Dogs video. I cast my phone to the huge 65inch tv we have in our rather small living room to play the video from Twitter.

Some context: my husband and I are in an open relationship. One of my fwb's has been telling me all day that he's giving up masturbation for the month of January. I put my phone on do not disturb mode so I wouldn't receive any messages. I put the wifi on so we could watch the video. 

The video starts and almost immediately I get a text... ""This is the last time I'm gonna cum in 2019"". I guess messages still work over wifi!

🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️ It was the most awkward I've ever felt and I'm gonna die now.

Happy new year I guess.

TL;DR: got a sext from a FWB while my phone cast to the TV and my in laws read it"|8bampowzap8|False|https://redd.it/eif1a3|6|0.89|0|11|1|tifu
ehnueg|2019-12-30 16:03:43|TIFU by taking mushrooms before lunch|"Yesterday my roommate's family arrived at our apartment for an end of the year lunch. I only found this out *after* opening the door and seeing my roommate's family standing in front of me for the very first time since I moved in. My roommate swore that he informed me about this family gathering, but I couldn't recall that conversation ever happening. Regardless of what actually happened, the presence of his family would not have been an issue, if not for the fact that I injested magic mushrooms moments before the family's untimely arrival. 

Fast forward to lunch time. I was sitting at the table with my roommate, his parents, younger brother, two older sisters, and a brother-in-law. All of them had giant sized heads on normal sized bodies. It was like having lunch with a family of bobbleheads. At that point there was no turning back. The shrooms had kicked in. Everything around me was pulsating. I didn't know whether to be entertained or terrified. However, in spite of my reality steadily declining, I was able to stay relatively composed. Up until the moment the dad unexpectedly turned to me while chewing a chicken wing. His massive head was suddenly right in my fucking face. I recoiled and yelled at him to back off. The dad stared at me in disbelief. Regrettably my outburst didn't end there. I stood up and laughed hysterically before accusing my roommate of not telling me his bobblehead family was visiting because he knew I would freak out. At that moment everyone at the table turned to my roommate, who simply shrugged and said (with a mouthful of food) ""sure, why not"". 

I spent the rest of the afternoon locked in my room, hoping there was nothing in the food that would somehow supersize my head or some shit. By the time the shrooms wore off, my roommate's family had gone home. According to him, they're planning to visit more often in the new year just to make sure he's still safe... from me. 

**TL;DR I joined my roommate's family for lunch while being under the influence and made the ultimate first impression by losing my fucking mind.**"|MushroomCloudedMind|False|https://redd.it/ehnueg|15369|0.93|6|654|1|tifu
eieml4|2020-01-01 05:36:08|"TIFU thinking that ""a/s/l"" meant something else in online chats and missing out on a lot."|"Back in the day (late 1990s) when I got my first PC to 'surf the internet' I enjoyed chatting with international strangers online. At the time ICQ was pretty big, and I would spend hours chatting with fellow internet surfers. Occasionally even some girls. 

Every now and then some of my new 'friends' would call me an a-hole by saying ""ASL"" or similar. I initially thought it was one of those new internet abbreviations like BRB or ROFL. I actually thought ASL meant a$$hole and they were dropping the insult in the middle of a conversation. I would usually politely finish the chat or just move on and ignore them and wonder what I said wrong to be called an ""asl"". 

Or at least that's what I thought until I worked out they were actually asking age sex location. I literally had to ask someone what it meant, and really kicked myself when I found out.

I must've missed out on so many more interesting conversations by being so naive. And they probably thought I was really an ""ASL"" because I ignored them.

TL;DR When first chatting online, I thought A/S/L meant that girls were calling me an a$$hole, so I missed out on many opportunities for further conversations and friendships."|bishslap|False|https://redd.it/eieml4|5|0.73|0|6|1|tifu
eirjeb|2020-01-02 02:02:25|TIFU by getting caught clapping cheeks|"Obligatory, this happened a few days ago

so I'm not gonna give out my age but I'm a lil under 18 so this was no bueno.

so we're on the edge of my bed, going at it. our plan is usually to leave the door open a crack so she can see when people are coming. well we were both pretty into it and she had her eyes closed. I just so happened to look over and see my moms red niner jersey headed straight towards the door. i whisper-yell ""MOM MOM"" at my gf and she hops up and makes a dive for the past closet behind us. i pull my pants up and sit on the edge of the bed, which is a weird place to sit cause i have a queen size bed. she swings the door open and says ""what are you doing"" and i stuttered a bit and said ""watching tv"" and pointed to my small tv that was playing some documentary at the time. ""where's (gf)?"". I turn and look into the closet where my gf is struggling in to get her leggings up and say ""in the closet."" my mom starts to realize what is happening and says ""why?"" and i said ""i told her she can have one of my jackets."" and from the closet my gf says ""I'm getting sweatpants"" because i give my gf my jackets and sweatpants when they don't fit anymore. ""bullshit"" my mom says and starts to lay into me as my gf cries in the closet.

my dad drove her home with me in the car and kept rolling the window up and down because it was cold out and i reeked of cooch.

tl;dr clapped gfs cheeks with everyone home, mom walks in to what is a very obvious aftermath of rough fucking."|Aye_LilClout|True|https://redd.it/eirjeb|0|0.41|0|13|1|tifu
ei7vcu|2019-12-31 19:51:11|TIFU by shaking a man's hand|"This FU was actually about three months ago, but I didn't have reddit back then.

I used to have a fuckbuddy. She was a few years younger than me, cute, bubbly, and great in bed. She looked like a young Jacqueline Moore (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacqueline_Moore) and was basically, as I always called her to make her laugh, ""my hot little black bitch.""

She was also an international student, having travelled here (Sydney, Australia) from South Africa to study at university. Her father is a reasonably important person over there, a reverend involved in one of their churches - I'm not all that familiar with which one - and basically organised for her to live alone, in a nice apartment, while she studied. Needless to say, her parents are *very* religious, and she is expected to be a good little girl until she marries.

**Here's where the FU begins.** Her parents were travelling to Australia from South Africa for their first ever visit since she moved over here. She asked me to come see her one last time before her parents arrived, because; *""it's the last chance I'll have to get fucked for weeks!""*

Well, she was thinking with her pussy and not her head, and I decided to follow suit by thinking with my dick, so in spite of her parents' imminent arrival I headed over for a quick fuck.

Three hours later, having had sex more than once, our quick fuck had obviously escalated. It escalated to the point that her parents were on the way, and she needed my help to quickly hide the evidence of our tryst. So instead of leaving, I stayed to help make the bed, throw out the garbage contains condom wrappers, hide the lube and toys, etc.. The end result is that I was still there when her parents arrived.

I was dressed, and given it was a hot day my sweat wasn't suspicious. So when her parents knocked on the door I quickly threw some exercise books and pens on her coffee table, opened a textbook, and knelt down at said coffee table. We then chat with her parents amicably, as we pretend to have been studying together and just lost track of time. 

Smooth, very smooth. Maybe I should pursue a career in acting? I played this part so well.

Now it was time for me to leave. So I politely say my goodbyes, kiss her mother on the cheek, and shake her father's hand. My hot little black bitch led me to the door and I said goodbye to her. 

As she shut the door, I saw her father in the background sniffing his hand.

**FUCK!**

Yep. My hand smelt like pussy. I shook a reverend's hand with his daughter's pussy all over my fingers. Now I *had* washed my hands, but clearly I hadn't washed them thoroughly enough.

My fuckbuddy no longer lives alone. She now lives in a home run by her father's church, surrounded by female roommates, and expressly forbidden from seeing me, the bad influence. She is also very angry at me for letting the cat out of the bag to her parents that their little girl was all grown up.

I don't know if she's having sex with anyone, but if so it isn't me. And the only person I'm fucking right now is myself.

**TLDR:** I shook a reverend's hand with the smell of his daughter's pussy all over my fingers, and now she isn't allowed to see me any more."||False|https://redd.it/ei7vcu|33|0.76|0|27|1|tifu
eibty7|2020-01-01 01:07:36|TIFU by losing my wallet 200 km away from home, being stranded at McDonald's with nothing and left alone by my friend|"Hello guys. My (M20) mood rn is geographically somewhere between South Africa and Antarctica. While I'm writing this, I'm sitting in a McDonald's at 1 am after new year waiting for my train at 5 am. 

Here is the story: A good friend (F20) of mine invited me to come with her to a New Years party in her area 200 km away. She also said that I can sleep at her home but couldn't guarantee it due to her parents. On the last day of 2019, I drove 3 hours with a train to her city and then it happened. During this ride, I've lost my wallet that probably slipped out of my jeans pocket. The funny thing is, that 10 minutes before arrival, it slipped out but I've realised so I put it back to my pocket. After arrival and before I wanted to bring my jacket to the wardrobe, I've realised my fuck up. I was only there for 2 minutes at the club but took all my shit and looked the whole way I went along with no results. And the worst part of it: My female friend couldn't keep me at her home because her parents are strict. No problem, because my alternative was to check in a hotel for that night but without money, I was doomed. Even my parents couldn't take me because they celebrate New Year and my stepfather's with an excessive amount of alcohol.

Now I have to wait 3 hours till my next train comes. I'm thirsty af and I've lost all my motivation for this year. At least it's cozy in McDonald's.

TL:DR lost my wallet, my friend let me sleep at her, so I'm sitting alone with a 3 hour wait for my train."|Vectorrrrr472|False|https://redd.it/eibty7|10|0.92|0|12|1|tifu
eie41k|2020-01-01 04:48:09|TIFU by getting out of my car|"This actually happened today, in fact, about a half hour ago. So for some context my neighborhood is a townhouse community with reserved parking spots and guest spots. I’m trying to get to my reserved spot but a car is in the middle of the right lane with no lights on, no room to make the turn into my reserved spot, etc. I’m about to take my phone out to text my mom and say did someone seriously just park here, and then the car’s brake lights starts flashing as if someone broke into it or something. Then the reverse lights come on and keep in mind I’m pretty close to the car because I figured I could drive by it. This is where the fuck up begins. I lay on my horn and they stopped backing up. I get out to see if my angle from my seat makes it looks like I have no room but it’s pretty close. The blocking car’s driver door opens and she asks so where are you trying to park? I CALMLY say “I live right here”. (She’s literally blocking the space I need to do my park job) and she gives an attitude saying “oh well where would you like me to move” and me thinking I don’t deserve to be talked to like this says fucking pull forward you’re not supposed to be parked here. She then shouts I don’t know who you think you’re talking to like that and then suddenly the front passenger door opens and her boyfriend comes out of the car and says OH WHY YOU TOUCHING MY LADY I DON’T KNOW WHO YOU TALKING TO, etc. meanwhile I’m like 10 feet away from them. At this point I’m in shock and thinking okay I may need to fight for my life here. The girlfriend says STOP I GOT THIS while stepping in front of him and the boyfriend goes back in the car. She proceeds to say how I shouldn’t be speaking to people like that when she’s the one in the wrong and she was the one who gave me attitude first. Meanwhile I’m just standing there in shock letting her talk not saying anything back and then she gets back in the car yelling at her boyfriend saying not to do that. She finally drives off.


TL:DR - Person blocking my path to my reserved spot almost backs into me after her car had no lights on. I get out to see if I have room to go past her which leads to her giving me attitude and me cursing at her which leads to her boyfriend getting out of the car all mad but eventually he goes back in and then they drive off."|JoeyTropical4693|False|https://redd.it/eie41k|5|0.86|0|6|1|tifu
eic3tz|2020-01-01 01:31:45|TIFU by not getting knocked out for wisdom teeth removal [Don't read if you aren't comfortable with hearing about details of teeth removal]|"So this didn't happen today actually, it was 2 years ago and I'm just reminded by it from talking with a friend who just had his wisdom teeth removed.

&#x200B;

So almost 2 years ago I (25 at the time) finally had my wisdom teeth removed, I have never been knocked out before so I was really scared of being made unconscious, my oral surgeon said I have the option of being knocked out or a local anesithetics, he recommend the first because you are going to see the blood splashing out and feel everything they were doing (but not the pain, supposedly), so it may frighten me. Well, my fear of being unconscious outweighed my fear of seeing blood, so I decided to do a local anesthetics instead.

&#x200B;

Well, the procedure was just as promised, I didn't see any blood since they covered my eyes, but I could feel every thing that was done to my wisdom teeth, they first break it with a hammer thingy, literally like how you would break a rock, and break it into small pieces and scrap the pebbles out. and for the parts that are attached to your gum, what they do it that they use a piler to grab hold of these pieces and literally yank them out, with forces so great that you basically had to pull your head to help yank out these teeth pebbles from your gum.

&#x200B;

But that wasn't the scary part, no, the scary part was that it turns out my oral surgeon didn't numb my lower left tooth enough, when he was pulling the tooth pieces in the very back of my gum socket I could actually feel the pain, with every yank become increasingly painful, I tried to tell the surgeon that I was feeling pain, and he insisted that I was just scaring myself and it's just the force of the tooth getting pulled that's scaring me. But I'm telling you, imagine the pain of having a root canal, or accidentally touching the sensitive parts of your cavities, imagine that pain and multiply by 100 times, near the root of your tooth, and a much sharper version of it, is what I was feeling every time my oral surgeon tried to yank a hard piece of my wisdom tooth that was near the bottom of my gum socket.

So eventually It was so painful that I started crying and had to tell them to stop in tears before I was put into a shock from the pain of the final yank that would remove that piece. And was soon as I started crying the oral surgeon knew something it wrong and realize he didn't numb me enough for the procedure, so he stopped and injected more anesthetics before continuing, and finally removed that last stubborn piece of tooth pebble.

&#x200B;

So I basically cried like a little kid and had to beg the oral surgeon to stop the procedure. and after the procedure if over I left the clinic in shame that I was a 25 yo guy who cried like a little kid at the oral surgeon.

&#x200B;

TL:DR: Chose a local anesthetics instead of full body (getting knocked out), felt my wisdom tooth getting removed, and was so painful that I cried like a little kid for 10+ minutes and had to beg my oral surgeon to stop. Ended up leaving the clinic in shame.

&#x200B;

Moral of the story: If you are getting your wisdom teeth removed, and your oral surgeon give you the option to go local anesthetics, don't take it, don't try to be tough and be conscious for it because you may regret it."|killerofpain|False|https://redd.it/eic3tz|7|0.82|0|3|1|tifu
eibls6|2020-01-01 00:47:50|TIFU by almost burning my house down.|"I was watching YouTube earlier this afternoon, when I saw this video of a guy making a rocket out of a match. I decided to try that when my parents went our shopping. This is where the mega brain idea comes in. I had the genius idea of poking a hole in the top of a plastic water bottle, throwing a burning tissue in it, and screwing the lid with a match in the hole on.

This is where my first fuck up begins. My smart ass decide to burn a tissue on a WOODEN DESK in my bedroom with CARPET floor. I set the tissue on fire, and it starts to burn. The flame starts getting pretty big, so I try to blow it out. This is where my second fuck up comes in. When I blew it, a big piece fell off and set the papers on my desk on fire. I throw the remaining paper on the ground behind me at start trying to blow the fire out. It only gets bigger.  I grab my pillow from my bed, which is right next to my desk, and start smacking the fire. I put it out, but there is a really big black mark on my desk.

This is where my third fuck up comes in. Remember when I threw the smaller piece of paper behind me? Well, a chunk of carpet behind me was burning. I instinctively smack it with my pillow and start trying to smother it,  but my pillow catches on fire and I throw it down. Great, now I have 2 fires burning in my room. I take my bath towel, throw it over the fires,and run to grab water. I come back in 15 seconds with 2 cups of water, and see that although most of the fire is out, there is a area that burned through my towel and was still burning. I pour the water on the fire, and it gets put out.

This is where my 4th fuck up begins. As I remove the burnt towel, I see that the carpet is black. I had no choice, but to cut it all off with a knife. After I got most of the black stuff off, I noticed that the carpet is significantly lower than the rest of it.  I decided to cut the top of the whole carpet off, but that made it look even worse. I am typing this right now, waiting for my mom to notice and kill me.


TL:DR; I made 3 fires in my room on accident, nearly burned my house down, and cut the whole carpet off."|minidonger|False|https://redd.it/eibls6|7|0.82|0|5|1|tifu
ein3wr|2020-01-01 20:15:03|TIFU How I ruined my chance at a threesome|"This happened last year and I've recently had the courage to write this. 

So I invited 2 of my chick friends to my cousin's bday party and we already planned on spending the night there (keep in mind one of my chick friends was trying to get at one of my buddies there) so the night begins, we start drinking and singing and all that bizz, and my two chick friends start making out and it was awesome. So a few hours later I get a text from one of my chick friends that said ""hey come upstairs, if your friend is down, we are down too"" and I call my friend to go with me and he doesn't want to so I leave him behind and rush upstairs and Bam there was one of my chick friends already laying on the bed and I make my move, and we start getting into it and all of a sudden my other chick friend rolls up to the room with my friend and my friend ends up backing out and so there she is by herself while I'm getting it on. 

So I do what any sane man would do in that situation and invited her ass over and she didn't want to cause she felt bad that she tried to get with my friend and it would be weird of she got with me too, but her friend came to the rescue and insisted her and hell yeah she came right over and we started making out and I'm living the dream, two girls on one bed butt naked. 

This is where it happens, the chick friend who joined last says ""let's see what you're working with and starts to unbuckle my pants and grab on my tube and I decided to help her and take off my pants for her, and as I'm taking them off, my knee gets stuck and I tug on the pants and as I tugged on them my knee flys out and knees her right in the face!!! And right away she says ""yeah nvm I can't do this"" and she just lays next to us as I fuck her friend lol

TL ; DR : Was about to have a threesome,but as I took my pants off I kneed a girl in the face and ruined it."|atg760|False|https://redd.it/ein3wr|0|0.38|0|12|1|tifu
ei9iam|2019-12-31 22:00:01|TIFU my coworker misunderstood my South Park reference, instead thought that I wet the bed|"This morning, while I was at work, I was talking with my coworker about South Park. 

We both love the show! We were making various references and quotes, and having a laugh together.

There is one particular episode that we were talking about, the episode that Eric Cartman pretends to have tourette's syndrome in order to get away with profanities.

In the episode, Cartman actually loses control of his ability to control his speech. So, loud and proud, I quote one of his lines: ""I WET MY BED LAST NIGHT!""

My coworker did not get the reference. She gave me a weird face, and said ""good for you?"". 

I'm pretty sure that the customers inside the coffee shop heard it too, fml. 

In case it isn't clear...I didn't wet my bed, but my coworker briefly thought I did...

TL;DR made a tv show reference to coworker, coworker didn't get it, I'm apparently a bed wetter now."|HornyBarista10|False|https://redd.it/ei9iam|15|0.94|0|1|1|tifu
eic0ws|2020-01-01 01:24:33|TIFU How i missed all the hints she was giving me|"So the story starts, how i met this girl on tinder. All of this happened in one night. I messaged this girl if she wants to hang out, she said yes, i went and picked her up. We went out get some food, sat in that place for a bit, we exchanged with compliments, i paid for food as im the man, and i should do that on the first date at least. Then we went to get some icecream. We got our ice cream, and when i went to go take piss, she paid for us. The fact that she did it, really made me happy ( i’m really attracted to girls that would not have stereotypes that man should pay for EVERYTHING). Anyways we ate some ice cream, then we went out to a movie theater ( drive through movie theater). It was pretty empty, which gave us a lot of privacy. Anyhow everything sounds like a perfect date to me so far. Then later in the movie that was completely crap, we started kissing, she put her hand on my private part of the body, and she said “i want to kiss you, everywhere”, i was still kind of nervous since i haven’t dated anyone in a long time, which made me ignore the whole thing she said, all i could come up with when she said it, me too. Anyhow it gets weirder, i put my hand on her lap, and she grabbed it and slipped it into her dress. I gave her some fingering... That night  i took her home, and i never seen her again... I was wondering why she started ghosting me, then it hit me after i replayed the night in my head, what she wanted. Weird ol night

TL;DR Went on the date with a girl from tinder, started making out with her, she said she wants to kiss me everywhere, but instead of letting her do it,i took her home."|lainota|False|https://redd.it/eic0ws|9|0.77|0|5|1|tifu
ehwch3|2019-12-31 02:24:45|TIFU by asking my ex for a bithday blowjob|"Well, based on the title, there's one obvious FU, but no, no. Sadly, no. The throwaway username is relevant. Happened about a week ago, but my birthday is today so I'm posting it today.

&#x200B;

Wall of background text:

My ex of 7 years and I broke up earlier this year but because leases and money are a thing, we still live together. It's not the end of the world. We get along great and care about each other. It's awkward, sure, and makes it difficult for either of us to move on, but we're trying.

Before we broke up, we found out that we are sexually incompatible. I'm as vanilla as it gets (early childhood trauma, early sexual maturity trauma lead to me not being even slightly kinky). She is in to *hardcore* BDSM. She didn't know it when we first met years ago, but over time, we tried a few things in the bedroom that she found intriguing, then she found communities for it, then porn for it, and while I unashamedly say I have a several hundred way tie for ""not-my-proudest fap,"" the stuff she is into is way more extreme than anything I'm comfortable with trying (I.E. I'm super into dirty talk, she likes full degradation and humiliation; I'm uncomfortable with but willing to do light choking, she wants to be choked to near blackout; she wants to try suspension from various parts of her body, I still can't do more than a couple of pull ups). 

Well, this was never *that* big of a problem. Even if we're into different things, she has an incredibly low sex drive, but when it's on, it is ON. So I'd push my boundaries a little, she'd lower her standards a little, and we'd end up having a great time.

The thing is, we were celebrating my birthday since we both work pretty busy jobs. I'm in my mid 30s and I have never had a blowjob to completion. I'm her first serious relationship (she's in her late 20s and was with a guy long term before me), and she just has always been against giving oral. I've gotten that reaction pretty consistently through every girl I've dated--either they find oral gross in general, they finding giving it weird, or they think since I'm uncircumcised, I'm dirty (which I'm not). One way or another, the only person who has ever tried has been her, and although I can't be sure since... I mean, I haven't had one to the end, but I don't think she does them right because the two times I've been in her mouth I've pulled out in about 20 seconds because it really, *really* hurts.

But fuck it. It's my birthday celebration. I'm way too old to not know what a blowjob feels like, and it's been a long time since we've done anything. So, I propose a swap. I'll go down on her, she'll go down on me, happy birthday.

She's game. Wonderful!

So I get to it and give her a second to come back down and she starts up. I don't know what's changed but something has because this feels absolutely amazing. And it's been a long time since I've even had time to rub one out, so this is clearly not going to last long. That's fine, really--she'll honestly probably happy to get back to her day.

But then there's that weird pain again. I twitch a little, so she pulls me out and says I can go finish myself. I said no, that wasn't an ""I'm cumming"" twitch, it was an ""Ow, what was that?"" twitch. Did she just go in at a weird angle or something?

So she shrugs and gets back to it and there it is again.

And here's the fuck up.

I read something years ago that says the real damage when a cat scratches you is when you pull away too quickly for their claws to disengage.

Well. As it turns out, since *she* is into pain and *she* is into hardcore stuff, she had started gently grazing my dick with her teeth, then whenever she thought she felt me respond, she would do a full on bite. In this instance, I felt the pain, pulled out, and skinned a good portion of my dick because I didn't realize she was completely biting me. She's more offended that I didn't like it than mortified that she has disembodied dickskin on her teeth (but she is still mortified), and I cover up and just book it across the street to an urgent care because I have an open wound on my dick caused by teeth, please don't let it get infected.

I didn't even think of some sort of alternate story. I just told them the truth. My ex was giving me oral, used her teeth, I freaked out, and skinned my own damn dick. Only one of the nurses laughed. It was the male nurse.  


**TL;DR: The 34-year-old oral virgin discovered that once-bitten, twice-shy applies even more to your dick.**"|biteybdayblowy|True|https://redd.it/ehwch3|554|0.91|0|64|1|tifu
eidkm3|2020-01-01 03:51:51|TIFU by leaving a bag of used feminine products and condoms on my kitchen counter before showing my house to prospective buyers.|"Throwaway account for obvious reasons, but this just happened and I'm absolutely horrified. My husband and I currently have our house for sale, which means we've had several realtors schedule appointments for them to take clients through.

We had two different groups of people scheduled to see our house tonight, so I spent the entire afternoon making sure every square inch was spotless and meticulously clean. When doing a final walk-through in the house before leaving, I made the last minute decision to empty the master bathroom trashcan. It has a lid on it, but I remember (very stupidly and unnecessarily) worrying that prospective buyers might look through my trash and notice my used feminine products and the condoms that my husband and I had used in the last several days.

So I took the trash bag out, went over to the kitchen, and realized I'd already taken the kitchen trash out so I made a mental note to take this trash bag with me when leaving. I then noticed my dog had kicked in a bit of snow by the sliding glass door, which had made a tiny puddle next to the frame. So I put the trash bag down, grabbed a towel, and wiped up the puddle.

It was at that moment I heard a car pull up, and realized the prospective buyers and/or realtor was here. In the US, it's a no-no to have the current home owner in the house while prospective buyers look through it, so I hastily grabbed my keys and the towel and headed out to my car to leave.

Flash forward to three hours later, after the two sets of prospective buyers walked through the house. I walk into my house, and sitting in the center of my spotlessly clean kitchen island like a bag of potpourri it most definitely is not, is my trash bag of used feminine products and condoms. I hadn't even tied it up, meaning anybody who walked by would've seen the unmistakable shape of plastic tampon applicators and the gold condom foils.

Guess we will see tomorrow if either of the two prospective buying parties are planning to make an offer, but I can't possibly begrudge them for making a hard pass on my house because of the unintended but incredibly grotesque kitchen centerpiece.

TL;DR: Probably scared off not one, but *two* prospective buyers to my house for absentmindedly forgetting to take out the trash."|throwawayhouseseller|True|https://redd.it/eidkm3|6|0.69|0|5|1|tifu
eicld0|2020-01-01 02:16:35|TIFU by not wearing my retainers.... (for a long time)|"I 15f (not native english speaker so sorry for any grammar mistakes), had my braces taken off a year ago, and you have to wear retainers after you take them off. I however after wearing them for only 2 months decided to stop wearing them, I really don't know why.. I guess I didn't realise how serious it was.

So a week ago I tried them on.. and suprise!! they didn't fit, like not at all and it hurted so bad trying to force them on, and even then it didn't fit ( it would pop off ). I got really panicky and went to bed, while forcing and using my thumbs to force it on, for like 2 hours, which hurt super much and I pretty much cried a bit because I was stressing alot. But I took them off and went to sleep.

The next day I told my family (mom,3 siblings) that I hadn't worn them and they didn't fit. My siblings were clowning me and my mom was mad, which made me sad and made me hate myself even more but I played it off like I was okay but after that I cried in my room.. so the next day my mom called the dentist and they told me that I had to come before 11 in the morning on Thursday, which is the day school starts, yey?(I'm on my last semester and really didn't want to miss any classes)

I read online that if you don't wear retainers for a long time you most likely will have to get braces again..... which sucks because we're not that well off, my mom is a single mom and we are gonna have to pay for the braces, but we need to buy a dryer since we don't have one, and my mom has been planning for half a year to get a pc for herself.(she has never had one),

I'm really mad at myself and I feel like such a fuck up and I keep asking myself why I didn't just wear the fucking retainer,  my mood has been shit for the last few days, but happy new year, right?

:) Just needed to get this off my chest and even though no one really cares I'll probably post a update after the dentist.

Update: Went to the dentist, and got a new one made. I'm gonna pick it up at 3 after school so I guess things went okay. :) Thank you to the people who made me feel better<3

**TL;DR didn't wear my retainers, have to get braces again**"|Jurik-04|False|https://redd.it/eicld0|6|1.0|0|6|1|tifu
eibskh|2020-01-01 01:04:24|TIFU - Losing my wallet in a foreign country|"So I'm writing this in a cab back to my friends place where I'm staying in Madrid. We both study in The Netherlands, this is also where I'm from. We had a good night planned and everything was going fine. We did the Spanish tradition to eat the 12 grapes before midnight, we kissed someone and then we walked to the club.

The walk to the club took around 20 minutes because one of the girls I was with was wearing heels that hurt a lot so she walked on her bare feet over the sidewalk in madrid. After 20 minutes we arrive at the club and stand in line outside because the club wasnt open yet. We were one of the first ones there actually so we were all the way on the front of the line.

After around 30 minutes the club opened and we could get in, I got my ticket ready in my phone and I make a joke to my friend saying ""I hope you didn't lose your ID""

Well.. what would the world be without karma, I check my inside pocket of my suit to find no wallet, I start a slight panic and start searching every pocket I got. The girls helped me with searching but to no result, my wallet wasn't there.

My first thought was.. not again. I literally lost my wallet 2 months ago with all my cards in it and I just renewed everything..

I walked the entire 20 minute walk back to the square to search for my wallet, on the way I did come across some fellow Dutch people and I gave them my number in case they maybe found it.. I didnt find it anywhere on the way back so now I'm in Madrid without my Passport in a cabify on my way home. This means tomorrow I'll have to go to the police station and hope they speak English to then go to the Dutch embassy (which luckily is in Madrid) to request an emergency passport so I can fly back on Thursday.

tldr: I lost my wallet in Madrid and now I have to request an emergency passport in order to fly back on thursday."|Yutskuvits|False|https://redd.it/eibskh|7|0.88|0|4|1|tifu
eiopyj|2020-01-01 22:17:31|TIFU Drunk me went full retard and had a threesome without gf [NSFW]|"Dear reddit, today, I fucked up.

It's new years eve. I was fucking wasted, irritated and horny. Here's a bit of background:

Been a bit tense between me and my gf and my friend recently had a conversation with me about how he thought that she was controlling and abusive, which wasn't so far from the truth which led to that his words managed to stick in my head. To top this bs off I've also recently had an argument with my gf about how she missed the adventures of single life. Which leads to us agreeing to start having threesomes. This argument had me quite stirred up at first since it took a while before I managed to understand that the argument wasn't a break up.

Back to new years eve: We're at my friends place. It's starting to get really late, my gf starts massaging our friends. One girl at the party decides to sit down in my lap and then I start massaging her, lets call her lap girl. It felt like som kind of competition with my gf. I can't describe the feeling, but I'd say it was something like jealousy but with a twist of a need to outdo the other person. Anyhow. I start whispering in lap girls ear about having a threesome with me and my gf since I earlier saw how my gf was affectionate towards her. This ends up with the lap girl, my gf and a girl which me and my gf have had a threesome with before goes into a bedroom to ""talk"". I'm waiting outside. After a while my patience starts running thin. My friend opens up the door and tells me ""Oh hell yeah, they're having a threesome!"", I proceed with opening the door hastily and find them in the bed, talking and massaging each other.

If I could travel back in time then this is where I would choke out myself and drag my former self as far from that party as possible.

I start massaging the lap girl since she's lying in the most advantageous massage position relative me. My gf says something along the lines of ""I don't want to have a foursome."" and goes out of the room. I wonder wtf is happening, because in my head this is the exact thing that she was looking for, the adventures of single life and setting this up was a pain in the ass. I start feeling extremely frustraded and irritated, this is what she wanted, I had to set this up and endure the argument from the past where I almost got a total breakdown in fear of losing her and now she dosen't care. I feel a sudden urge to ""get back"" at her. I hate myself for even writing that but now in hindsight that's the best way I can describe what I felt in that moment. She tells me that she's tired and wants to sleep. My retarded drunk ass which has downed a fuckload of caffeine and nicotine the last hour dosen't comprehend this. A argument breaks out and ends with me asking for permission to go and have the threesome without her.

Yes. You heard right. This absolute imbecile was so fucking drunk, horny and irritated at his gf that the only amount of brain cells left working atm was perhaps the corresponding of a toddler which had downed three kegs of beer and had a meth head as mother which used its skull as target practice for the home defence baseball bat.

I know that with freedom comes responsibility and etc. I've fucking seen Spider-Man. But sometimes, sometimes when people are acting retarded beyond what is normal and you know that this will have aboslute fucking horrendous and miserable consequences. FUCKING STOP THEM! I had been fully ok with someone knocking me straight the fuck out right there on the spot and would have the next morning given them some kind of reward for such a valiant act.

Anyhow, my gf gave me permisson and I went to have this god forsaken threesome. Well guess what. Have you seen ""Don't Mess With the Zohan""?. The Adam Sandler movie where he in the beginning of the movie fucks everything on two legs but ends up not being able to get it up anymore besides with the woman he falls in love with? Well, guess what. You can call me fucking Zohan.

I end up barely participating in the threesome. The creeping anxiety and absolute primal regret starts slithering into my skull. I want to go back. Please let me go back. I prayed to every god I knew. Satan can fucking assrape me and use my asshole as a cumbucket, as long as I'd get to go back and undo this night I fucked up beyond what should be possible for a usually normally functioning human being.

Well. Me and gf went the morning after back to my place. Her mood starts to degrade quickly. I can't do shit to make this better. I try talking to her but it proves useless. I can't even put my hand on her shoulder without her shrugging back with disgust. I lie down in my sofa, tears flowing like the niagra falls, I manage to fall asleep and when I wake up she's gone. She sent me a text message about how she wanted to go home and tells me I cheated and because of that she now hates me, even though she still loves me.

Can this be worse? Well, I'm currently conscripted in the army and I'm going back in about 4 days. I won't, I can't manage that alone. Without someone to come home to. Without knowing that she's home, waiting for me, thinking about me. I considered if I should tie a noose so I won't have to be reminded of what cold loneliness feels like.

&#x200B;

TL;DR

\>starts having doubts about my relationship with my gf since she often is controling, self centered and abusive. But I love her more than anything so I try to bury my doubts

\>gf and I agree to start having threesomes after almost giving me a mental breakdown from believing that she was going to break up with me

\>We drunk af during new years eve meet two girls which are viable for three/foursome

\>gf changes her mind right before the act

\>My doubtful, drunk, and retarded pea brain asks gf for permission to have threesome without her

\>She agrees.

\>gf can almost not even look at me for the time being

\>She goes home while I took a nap and sends a text message and calls me a cheater

I fucked up and I don't know what to do except welcoming my rivers of tears and waiting for my destined sentence.

&#x200B;

Happy new year people, at least you didn't have it as bad as me."|Meadblitz|True|https://redd.it/eiopyj|0|0.4|0|19|1|tifu
ehvp4c|2019-12-31 01:32:13|TIFU by wearing christmas leggings after christmas is over.|"I wasn't really caring what I looked like today and just had to run up the street to tractor supply and get dog food and Luke wanted to go for a ride , not having a second thought put some leggings on that had llamas with Santa hats. 
About 5 minutes into my shopping trip a local group home entered ,  they where doing a field trip of sorts with about 15 of there residents.
One of them came over to say hello to my dog and before he could even pet luke he looked at my pants and got this wide eyed look and began to point and chant "" christmas is over "" about 4 of his friends joined in and I was surrounded by 5 people screaming and chanting ""Christmas is over ""
The nurse came over and was trying to distract them and it only made it worse my dog at this point was just barking like crazy . It went on about 10 minutes before the leader just stopped and whispers "" christmas is over "" and walks away . 

TL;DR - don't wear christmas prints after christmas you don't know who you will trigger."|Pyper151|False|https://redd.it/ehvp4c|455|0.95|0|71|1|tifu
ei9fz0|2019-12-31 21:54:34|TIFU by sinking my car|"Obligatory this did not happen today, but a few years ago.

I was on my way to a job interview for a summer job in college. I was dressed in a three piece suit, it was that kind of position and employer. I was traveling through an unfamiliar part of town, and it was pouring down rain. I approached an underpass that *looked like* it had an inch or two of water. I had the radio on and was singing along, when I realize the car had stalled. 

I tried to restart the car and then noticed a gentle wafting back and forth of the car. I thought of the car commercials where they show that *this is the car that floats*. Apparently a rusted out beater version of the car is not really watertight, as the water started pouring in. When the water got up the level of the seats, it suddenly occurred to me that I should get out and not drown.

I waded out of the water, in my three piece suit. The police had shown up by then to block the underpass. Turns out the underpass was vee shaped and filled with four or five feet of water in a heavy rain storm. I asked for help and the officer said ""I think it is a bit late for help"".

A guy showed up with a chain and a pickup and pulled out my car. Apparently this was a fairly common event. Later had car towed to shop, they changed the oil and let it dry and it started right up.

Tried to get the car dried out but it never really dried completely. That winter I had to drive with a scraper in one hand scraping ice off the *inside* of the windshield as I drove. The ""heaters"" in these cars did not work well...

Rust got much worse after that, the car only lasted another two years until graduation. I got a real job and a real car.

TLDR: Unexpected boating in a car does not end well"|woodturner9|False|https://redd.it/ei9fz0|10|0.91|0|0|1|tifu
ehzplx|2019-12-31 07:30:39|TIFU by showing my best friends mom's my tits. NSFW|"I decided to go back to my home town to visit for thanksgiving. (So this didn't happen today but around Thanksgiving) It always lands around my birthday and I'd figured I'd make a trip of it to visit friends as well. My boyfriend unfortunately couldn't make it, so I caught a flight by myself excited for my girls weekend. I was going to stay with my best friend, I'll call her Jen, who I've known since elementary school. 

Bit of back story. My boyfriend and I have been best friends since grade 8 and started dating in grade 12. Him, Jen and I have all been friends since highschool, and all moved in together for a bit during college.
Having known Jen basically my whole life I, of course, have met her mom, and have quite a good relationship with her. I spent a lot of time at her house in my teens, she was my first landlord and I see her as a second mom.

Now for the fuck up. 
So I'm back in my hometown at Jen's house (which happens to be the same house she grew up in and that we all used to live in together). We're chatting, reliving old memories and nursing a hangover from too much wine the night before when her mom stops by for some drinks and to catch up. 

While talking, I took out my phone to show her some pictures of my apartment. Apparently I forgot the night before I sent some saucy photos to my boyfriend before going to bed. So I'm casually swiping through photos showing her our new shelving unit, the view from the balcony, the desk set up aaaaand then me squeezing my tits with a cheeky grin...

Fuck.

In my embarrassment I fumbled and rather than swiping back I swiped to the next photo of me rubbing my pussy.
 Excellent. 

We were able to laugh it off, she was cool about it, complimented my boobs and we casually changed the subject. I was mortified. 
Honestly if I had to accidentally show my nudes to anyone I'd rather her than my own mom!

TL;DR while swiping through photos on my phone I showed my best friends mom my nudes I forgot I had sent to my boyfriend. Full frontal vag and tit shots. Classy."|Sheelbee|True|https://redd.it/ehzplx|120|0.93|0|29|1|tifu
eii744|2020-01-01 13:11:10|TIFU Because I Let My Ex Stayed At My Place Instead Of Sending Her Home.|"Happened a few days ago. She replied my 2 days old message, we chatted up and she had some family problems. She said if I wanted to know, we'll have to meet up. And coincidentally she was in my neighbourhood. So I went out to meet her, it was about midnight, the walk was about 20 minutes. 

Met up with her and we sat a way aways from her friends and she told me her problems from her account. Long story short, her friends and her were taking a form of Nitrazepam. And I just had to stay with her, worried about her well being. 

Some time around 6am, she wanted to go home but didn't have money for transport, so I suggested that she stayed at my place while she rest up then after I could send her back. Now it's 6pm and I let her freshen up and stuff. She called her friend and they were someplace else. 

I sent her to the bus stop, I was expecting to be following her, but she said goodbye and thanks and I just said no problem. 

A couple of days later, she was caught by authorities, and tomorrow (2 feb) she'll probably be incarcerated, placed under a drug rehab programme. 

Now, if only I sent her home that morning, this might have not happen. But I was tired and didn't send her home then followed by a series of events that led it to this.



TL;DR : Because I let my ex stay at my place for half a day and didn't send her home, that led to a series of events that she'll be incarcerated on Feb 2."|CnfdntlInfrmnt|False|https://redd.it/eii744|0|0.33|0|5|1|tifu
eijyn8|2020-01-01 16:13:43|TIFU by letting my female friend borrow my phone and she sees my pp|"This wasn't actually today it was a long time ago but still i ducked up.

There's a TL;DR at the end.

My female friend which I used to date (yes, I got friendzoned) always borrow my phone to play games, open her social media or surf to my file manager and gallery.

Not too long ago I snapped a D pic on my phone and I completely forgot to hide it to my files, it just blend into my bunch of selfies.

One time she borrowed my phone (This was on school) like your every female friends, go up to you and say ""Can I borrow your phone?"" ""Sure"" I said.

After a couple of minutes I go to her and I thought while she uses my phone we could chat

I go up to her...
And she said...

""Small""

I know at this point that she had seen my D pic

I replied back

""It's because im asian"" (yeah im really an asian so thats an excuse for having a small pp)

And then she and her friend started laughing while I was there freezing in horror and shock

I dont know what to do at that point like do I change the topic or should I just leave them.

I left them, and we never talked about it.

To this day im still mortified that my friend telling me I have a small pp.


TL;DR female friend borrowed my phone, saw my pp pic and called it ""small"" i replied ""its because Im asian"" as an excuse and to this day I still cant sleep thinking she said i have a small pp.


:English is not my first language, its my second language"|i_love_ass_99999|False|https://redd.it/eijyn8|0|0.44|0|10|1|tifu
ei9j8p|2019-12-31 22:02:04|TIFU by eating insanely hot hot sauce|"This is my first post, sorry if the formatting is all wrong I'm doing this in segments though as that's how this whole ordeal seemed when it happened this morning. This isn't as bad as most of the ones on here but it's  a fuck up worth sharing.

 TL;DR at the bottom

525am my coworker and I made up a a little spoonful of Satan Blood and Reaper squeezins for a brave soul to take. I decided to be that brave soul.

If you dont know Satans blood is a food additive rated 800,000 on the scoville scale while Reaper Squeezins is 92% carolina reaper and 8% vinegar rated at about well  no less than 1,600,000 on the scoville scale. 

I took a teaspoon of them mixed. At first it was a burning sensation on the tongue then throat then stomach. Instant gag reflex.
About 10 seconds in I realized I fucked up. 40 seconds in I was over the garbage gagging. Wanting to throw up. But I couldn't.  I drank half a gallon of milk, two powerades, a whole thing of lemon juice, water and just about anything liquid I came in contact with. I could not eat, I could not physically swallow food. At the minute and a half mark I decided to induce vomiting to empty my stomach.

Big mistake. 

It made it a thousand times worse. I could not swallow anything at this point. I could not breathe.  
Ended up going to the er cause I didnt know what the fuck to think or do I honestly thought I was dying. I could barely walk without dropping to my knees. 

Got to the er and had to go to the bathroom after they took my vitals. The bathroom ended up looking like a frat house with me projectile vomiting 4-6 times. Floor, toilet and pretty sure I got the wall too. 

When I got home I was finally about to take a piss, guess where the liquid fire decides to come out. Everything tastes like regret. 
 
TL;DR I ate a mixture of Satans blood and Reaper squeezins ended up in the hospital because I couldn't breathe, swallow or walk. Now I piss fire and everything taste like regret."|exilesprophecy|False|https://redd.it/ei9j8p|8|0.88|0|5|1|tifu
eiapoq|2019-12-31 23:36:55|TIFU Probably should have checked those when buying the car...|"This was originally posted on [r/TalesFromTheSquadCar], someone mentioned it would fit here too, so enjoy.



Not a cop but a nice little story from a few years back of my first run in with the local law enforcement. Have been reading some of the other stories here and wanted to share. Have a laugh at my expense, this one is on me.

To set the scene, somewhere in Australia in a small hilly town where life doesn't generally move very fast. Have just bought my second 4WD. Nice big event, heavy, slow, old. Did I mention heavy? Like really heavy, pushing 3.5 tonnes when empty. Good car though. Like any self respecting 4WD driver, it's a manual vehicle (this is actually important).

Alright scene set. Cue details.

Coming home, it's a slow drive for a car pushing 1 million kilometers and nearly 30 years in age. Rolling down into the old part of town and spy a cop car sitting Infront of me at the intersection. Not doing anything illegal so no worries to me. Start gearing down slowly from 50 in 4th.

*Going to take a small detour at this point and explain that I have always driven manual vehicles, and particularly in this fashion (it's actually a comedy watching me drive automatic). Brakes are almost secondary when you have so much engine braking to rely on as well... Yeah you know where this is going*

Back to the story. Clutch in, drop gear, slow release of clutch. Let the 4.0L diesel engine do the work. Rinse and repeat until in 1st. At this point I'm only about 20 meters from the cop car and moving maybe 10km an hour. Guy is still sitting there, is he waiting for me or something? Better use that brake I suppose. Did I mention that I probably should have checked the brakes when I purchased the car? In hindsight I feel that this should have been an important step in the process. I'm going to blame *spins excuse wheel* uhh gophers... Just kidding, I was just way too excited.

So, brakes, whatchya doing guys? Not working I see, that's cool I have a backup plan. I pull the handbrake slowly, and to no avail. I'm still moving, and that cop car is still not.

10 metres to go.

Let's try those brakes again, mashing my foot on the floor until I feel a slight pressure. Thank God for that I think to myself with relief, as I slowly roll into the back of the now quite possibly bewildered cop car. Just a small love tap, something that says gee it's good to see you again, how have you been...

Head, meet steering wheel.

I open my eyes and carefully peek between the top of the wheel and the dash to see someone emerge from the car in front. Oh no, goodbye license. I see the officer walk to the back of his car and look at it. He stares at it for about 3 seconds, then looks at my roo bar (bullbar to you US folks). Then back at his car, then back at mine. He does this for what feels like 83 years before looking right at me. He does this slow saunter over to my window, kind of like he has all the time in the world and is going to enjoy this.

**Knock knock knock**

I sit bolt upright, deep breath, best customer service smile that I wasn't even able to manage when doing customer service. Roll the window down. No, hands, you actually need to co-operate and roll the window down, there's no power anything in this car.

Me: ""Yes officer what can I do for you today?"" (Maybe I was hoping he had forgotten about that little thing a few decades back)

Officer: ""You are aware of what just happened there aren't you?"" (Completely nonplussed look on his face, I swear he must have practiced this look in the mirror or be a world class poker player)

Me: (alright the game is up, let's just get it over with) ""yeah mate, the brakes just didn't work. I have nothing else to tell you there I'm sorry""

Officer: (looks back at his car one more time, then looks at me and peers around the inside of my car) ""I'll give you a week to get it fixed""

With that, he wanders back to his car, gets in and off he goes onto what I can only assume was far more pressing matters. Meanwhile, I struggle to process what has just happened and very slowly roll my car in 1st to the brake specialist only a few hundred metres away.

That I am glad to say was and still is the only time I have met the local police here. No big ending, but sure am glad that I found out that the brakes didn't work while going that slow rather than on a highway, and that the particular officer that day was apparently in a really good mood (not that I could have guessed that from his look).

Before you ask, no damage to either vehicle. Not even a chip of paint.


TL;DR
Didn't check the brakes on a car I just bought and ended up rear ending a cop car very lightly. No damage and no real consequences other than the shame of it."|arendedwinter|False|https://redd.it/eiapoq|6|0.86|0|4|1|tifu
ei7ywl|2019-12-31 19:58:35|TIFU by throwing away my mother’s birthday gift to me|"I recently turned 34 and my mother mailed me a lovely package filled w junk food, socks and some cash. She was so excited for this package to get to me, mailed it priority and was upset when the weather messed up its delivery. She’s texted me multiple times telling me she hoped I was enjoying the goodies. The thing is, eating all this junk food will make me feel like shit about myself and I know I won’t have any self control with it so I put it in a bag and gave it away. I feel so ungrateful and guilty. She obviously spent a lot of money on it and I just basically threw it away. I’m a terrible daughter. 😔 she is always doing really thoughtful, selfless things and i try to be a good daughter for her but I feel like I never do enough and can never be worthy of it. I also feel guilty for not going home more often, even though my family doesn’t visit me where I live because they’re so busy. I miss them and love them and want them to feel appreciated. I don’t know why I just threw away her gift. What a terrible feeling. 

TL:DR I threw away my mother’s birthday gift to me and now I’m consumed w guilt"|badkid1987|False|https://redd.it/ei7ywl|9|0.92|0|7|1|tifu
eic6x6|2020-01-01 01:39:17|TIFU by drinking too much|"I was with my friends at a friend's house celebrating New year (Happy New Year btw), and I ended up drinking quite a bit, and mixing drinks quite a bit. After some time, I didn't feel anything, was hella numb. I was dead drunk(first time dead drunk). Turned out I got alcohol poisoning. (FML) I vomited a ton at my friend's and as I was dying of alcohol, someone called my parents. My parents came and drove me to the hospital. At the hospital I started talking in Russian and English (neither are my mother tongue) for no apparent reason. I celebrated New year in the hospital, and when I got home, tought I was dreaming. I really wish I was tho. Am still kinda under the effect of alcohol and I really don't know and don't wanna know what happened back there. I feel like shit. I don't even wanna look at alcohol again, fuck.
TL;DR: got drunk as hell, got alcohol poisoning, vomited all over my friends house, celebrated new year in the hospital."|Djello_|False|https://redd.it/eic6x6|3|0.67|0|4|1|tifu
eif9f0|2020-01-01 06:43:33|TIFU by mixing alcohol and marijuana in rather copious amounts of each substance.|"I will start by indicating that this was actually the other day. 

I went with my mom to a bar to see a person we knew on a personal level perform live music. I had had a sort of rough day and being at the bar started to get to me, even with my earplugs in and after taking a kind of extended bathroom break with my eyes closed.

So what do I do to cope? I start by consuming four hard liquor-based alcoholic beverages in under two hours. I am not that big. I am 5’0” and weigh about 128lbs. I also don’t drink every single day. I found the taste absolutely repulsive until last year, but trained myself to tolerate it with repeated practice. By this point, things were nicely blunted, but I didn’t stop there.

When we got home, I decided to ingest this liquid marijuana product and had about 15mg THC with a 3:1 ratio between this and the CBD in the product. I stole it from my mom, who is a daily marijuana user, and also doesn’t seem to mind when I help myself to her products. At some point, while sitting in my bedroom trying to fall asleep, I suddenly think that I may vomit and also start to completely lose it at this point. To say that I hate vomiting is an understatement and it often triggers very intense negative emotions for me, that other people think are overly dramatic. The high level of intoxication didn’t help the experience.

I run outside, scream, and start to hit and scratch myself. I also tried to bang my head on a tree. My parents soon found me outside and tried to talk to me. I could barely speak at first. They tried to convince me to go inside, but I wouldn’t at first and was quite stubborn about it. I eventually went inside and then had to be convinced by my parents to sip water and eat some goldfish. I was still a wreck at this point. I just sat on the couch for a while and bounced my leg profusely, while my parents started arguing.

Fortunately, I eventually was able to go to sleep without much of a hangover and managed somehow to not vomit.


TL;DR: I went overboard mixing alcohol and marijuana and completely broke down."|quargsg|False|https://redd.it/eif9f0|0|0.33|0|7|1|tifu
ei6wi4|2019-12-31 18:40:53|TIFU Got Catfished|"Sorry if this isn't structured the best, this is my first post on Reddit. 

Everytime I say she, I'm referring to the catfish in case it isn't clear 

So a few days or so ago, I started messing around on those texting apps that are basically just more Tinders even if they don't have ""dating app"" smacked on them. I don't have much experience with people in general, I'm very antisocial but really looking for a connection of any kind. I'm not good at picking up on ques and such or sniffing out bullshit. 

So here I am on one of these apps and I match with the ""girl"" (to be clear I'm not sure wether it was a guy posing or not but I wouldn't be surprised because that's how it is isn't it??). The bio had said something along the lines of ""just looking for friends with benefits, add my Kik. (Kik Username)."" That should've been my first sign, but like I said I'm new to the ""dating"" app esc scene (however I got rid of all of them because whatever. Not worth the trouble). 

So we start talking on Kik, they ask for a fresh picture of my face. Which should've been the second sign. At this point I was flustered as hell because I don't really talk to people all that much. To me though this seemed like a reasonable request, my train of thought is ""they aren't looking to be Catfished either"". She sends a pic back. We talk about things like where we are at in life and such but that was just a ploy to gather information. Silly me I thought it was someone being friendly. 

Anyhow carrying on, she asks if we can talk dirty. I'm like ""hell yes"". This is my arguably like 4th or 5th sign. I am moron I know. It carries on and she asks for a dick pic saying she will send her own nudes back too. So I oblige and then after that is when I'm told I gotta pay up or it will get posted. 

I wasn't gonna play their games, got rid of all the new apps I had been messing with and just left. I'm pretty much impossible to find and nothing has happened YET so I think I might be okay, but only time will tell. To be honest, I'm not to worried, I'm an adult now so not like it's illegal no more I don't think. If anything it will be a hard to live down embarrassing event if anything does happen. 


TL;DR I am an idiot who just misses every sign that something is off. Result they got a nude, threatend to post it if I didn't pay, still waiting to see what happenend, I wasn't gonna play their games."|agentxisepic|False|https://redd.it/ei6wi4|8|1.0|0|14|1|tifu
eijt23|2020-01-01 16:00:14|TIFU by eating meat even though I was warned.|"&#x200B;

I'm a vegetarian by religion. This was yesterday, during a New Year's Eve party at my friend's house. I was having dinner, and someone pointed to a curry and said to me "" OP, this has meat, so don't eat it."" Now, the host had told me that all of the food was vegetarian, so I thought this person was playing a prank on me. I then proceeded to take a large lump of this curry, including some meat, and put it on my plate. I ate a bit of the curry when the host came up to me and said: "" Sorry I forgot to tell you this, but that curry (points to the bowl of the curry I had just eaten) has meat.""

I nearly threw up. I put the plate down and ran to the nearest bathroom and rinsed my mouth for at least a minute. When I came out of the bathroom, the host came up to me and started apologizing. I told him that it was my mistake since I decided to act like a dumbass and not listen to the warning. The worst part of this is that since I ate meat, I have to conduct religious ceremonies for hours today. So that's how I'll be spending the first few hours of the new decade.

TL;DR : Ate meat at a party because I decided to not listen to my friend's warning. Now I have to spend hours conducting religious ceremonies."|BigBoy_Hi666|False|https://redd.it/eijt23|0|0.35|0|7|1|tifu
ei9535|2019-12-31 21:30:11|TIFU by accidentally water-boarding a puppy|"This happened about two years ago.

So one day, I noticed that our new puppy, Bart, had the hiccups. Of course, I wanted to help, so I directed him to his water bowl. But because he’s not the sharpest knife in the drawer, he didn’t quite get what I meant. That wasn’t my end goal, however. The thing that ALWAYS works when I have hiccups is to drink water upside down. Yep, this is going exactly where you think it is.

So I hoisted him up, and started lowering him towards the water bowl, hoping he’d start drinking some water. Now, I couldn’t quite see his head from my angle, so I kept lowering him until his nose was in the water and he started struggling. At which point I realize I’m an idiot and got him out of there. He was fine and doesn’t hold it against me to this day. But man oh man, my family thought it was hilarious. Even though I realized I was an idiot, I didn’t realize just how idiotic that was until my mom told me through fits of laughter that I water-boarded the dog. Now it’s something that we all laugh at, myself included.

On the plus side, I’m pretty sure his hiccups were gone afterwards.
 
TL;DR: Puppy had hiccups. Tried to force him to drink upside down, wound up water-boarding him."|Cylasbreakdown|False|https://redd.it/ei9535|5|0.71|0|2|1|tifu
eiecwz|2020-01-01 05:10:22|TIFU by having all jell break loose in the bathtub|"This actually happened a few years ago, back in middle school. I'm on my phone, so the format miggr suck.

When I lived in my old house, we had one of those bathtub shelves in the corner. We lived there for a long time, almost my whole life, which meant the shelf was never really replaced and was also old. Over the years the shelf got rusty, but was still in good shape. Until one day when it happened.

During the time I was still in highschool band, and on that particular day we had a concert only a few hours away after school ended. This gave me little time to get ready since I had to get there early, so when I got home I was in a rush. 

I got in the shower and done the usual. I washed my hair with shampoo, except this time my dumb younger self wasn't thinking. I mindlessly tossed the bottle back on the shelf instead on putting it back like a normal person. This caused the bottle to fall and I tried to catch it but missed. It hit more bottles on the way down. I guess the shelf itself couldn't handle the action from all of it.

In a flash, before I could process what was happening. The whole shelf collapsed, with all the stuff on the shelf and the shelf itself falling on top of me while I scream in a panic. I stood there for a few minutes in the shower trying to process what happened while being mixed in with the huge mess. The shelf was in pieces and stuff was everywhere. 

I quickly got out and got dressed. I ended up having to clean it all up. I was home alone so I didn't really know what to do with the broken shelf. I just took it and stuffed it all in the trashbag, then putting it outside. I had to wait till my mom's friend to pick me up, who was suppose to take me to the concert and I had to explain to my mom over the phone of what happened.

In the end, I went to the concert and performed. My mom came home surprisingly not mad. Then we ended up getting a whole new shelf.



TL;DR: I tossed a bottle in the shower which caused the whole bathtub shelf to collapse, causing a mess."|AlexDaPotato|False|https://redd.it/eiecwz|0|0.5|0|0|1|tifu
eiadbx|2019-12-31 23:09:17|TIFU by hitting my friend in the head with Hotdog shorts|"This was the actually the other night but my friend  (I'll call her Ripley) and I went shopping and we bought matching  hotdog shorts. She had her shorts in a plastic bag and we walked around for a few hours and headed to my house to relax for a bit. She was sitting on my floor when at last my eyes lay themselves upon the bag and I got a wonderful idea to just whack her as hard as I could with the bag, but when the bag made contact with her head, there was a ""crack"" that wasn't supposed to be there. Well earlier in the day, Ripley wrapped her speaker we were listening to music with earlier in the day in the hotdog shorts to prevent damage. Well my dumbass didn't know this and next thing I know, she's crippled over in pain on my carpet. I feel terrible and I hope she doesn't hate me! Damn you, Hotdog shorts 🌭🌭

TL:DR: My friend had a speaker in a bag that I thought only had shorts in it and I hit her in the head with it :("|kaley46387|False|https://redd.it/eiadbx|2|0.8|0|4|1|tifu
eihn71|2020-01-01 11:58:09|TIFU by bursting out crying for a full hour on NYE.|"I apologize for the formatting I'm using mobile app and obligatory disclaimer: this happened yesterday but I was so upset I just slept right away. I'm bad at telling stories so I apologize for that as well. 

So, the story is quite long, TL;DR at the end. 
Two days prior to NYE, I [19F] accidentally discovered something my brother [16M] secretly did while borrowing his phone to email myself some pictures. Obviously I wasn't supposed to see that, so I decided to turn a blind eye on it but it kept bugging me because:  

A) It's religiously forbidden and someone have to confront him, and,  

B) My family is quite conservative and my father, who already suspected it a few months ago, is very strict when it comes to religion especially with my brother because of his bad influence of friends. 

Eventually, I decided to tell mum yesterday, and his bad temper, arrogance and tendency to insult and curse frequently obviously contributed to my decision. I mean, I covered up for him that time my father accused him months ago and I was thinking about it again but he kept quarrelling with me over silly things and he didn't even know I saw these things and I just ended up losing my temper. We had a big fight yesterday's morning (about something else entirely) before I told mum, she wasn't home from work yet. He insulted me several times and I kept shouting at the top of my lungs but never insulted him, I have always hated that. I did my best to fight back tears. 

Anyway,my brother went outside for whatever reason, mum came back and I told her about the fight, what I saw, everything. She ended up taking his phone away and preventing him from going to NYE party he was invited to by his friends. 
Fast forward to around 5 PM, tension was visibly thick and he went overboard with his attitude and insulted me in front of mum. It wasn't bad. It would translate to stupid at most in English but I broke down. Completely broke down. I started sobbing hard and tears kept flowing I couldn't stop them. Everyone was silent then and I kept weeping in my room. I thought about that one time I was 6 and my father told me he wishes he never had me. It only happened once and he was just pressured from his work but I never forgot it. It doesn't surface as much now but when it does I completely lose control over my emotions. My mum asked me a couple times why I'm crying so hard but I couldn't bring myself to tell her. I mean it's stupid, right? Nothing happened to act all sensitive when in real life I'm not sensitive at all, I can handle blood, death, bullying and even physical abuse. It just doesn't make sense. So, I kept crying and crying until I slept. I didn't meet my friends for NYE. I ruined everything even though mum couldn't handle the stress and let my brother attend that party so she would have some time to sort things out. 

Today, My brother doesn't talk to me rather sends my little brother or sister to tell me things when it's too urgent and still calls me names. I think that's by far the largest FU I ever had. 


TL;DR: TIFU by having a big fight with my brother, being the reason my mum grounded my brother, and crying really hard after my brother insulted me which all resulted in a wonderfully gloomy mood to begin 2020 with. Don't thank me."|ank4ous|False|https://redd.it/eihn71|0|0.17|0|5|1|tifu
ei9l5x|2019-12-31 22:06:12|TIFU by smoking in my friends garage while parents were on vacation|"Like every post on this sub, this was not today, but certainly was a fuck up. 

This was a summer ago, in the wonderful territory that is the Midwest. One of my close  friends has a garage which has a loft area that is perfect for smoke seshes. As the lone child, his parents don’t really care about it either because they prefer to know that he is safe there, rather than somewhere else. Perfect for us, or so we thought.

His parents decided to go on a vacation over summer, and left my friend with the house and the dog. Naturally, he decided to have a sesh that night in the loft, and we were all excited to have a whole loft and then a whole house when we were happily stoned. That night everyone showed up; ready for a great night. 

Around halfway through the sesh, my friend starts staring out the window. As some of you may know, when you’re high and see something that is particularly uncommon, you tend to heavily question what you’re looking at. Well, at one point one of my friends asked him what he was looking at, in which he replied “is that a full a** cop car outside?” and looks back at us. We all rush to the window like kids when their father gets home, and look out to see a huge cop car sitting at the base of the driveway. At this time we collectively concluded that yes, that is a cop, and somehow they know we are smoking weed and we should... run. Tripping over ourselves and gathering the “evidence” we leave out the side door and book it out back, right past a cop that has walked up to this door. My friend lives near an open field so we ran down the side of that, and cut back to the street, deciding it would be a good idea to head to the local restaurant, versus being off the streets.  We also believed that running was more suspicious, so we started to walk as a group, ~casually~. Within 30 seconds two police cars turned onto the street, so we turned into an alley and, inevitably, got trapped there by the cop cars.

We gave up, and decided to not run and to just accept our lifelong punishment for smoking weed on my friends property. 

When the cop came out, he told us that we were in big trouble, because we attempted to rob a house. At this moment, the group objected to that fact and very happily noted that all we did was smoke some of gods holy leaf. Apparently, the neighbor knew that my friend’s parents were out of town, so once they saw people in the loft, decided to call the cops under the impression that we were robbing the place. Once my friend claimed that it was his house, and his parents confirmed, we were all allowed to go home yet without our precious weed. Only his parents knew about the situation, and our records are still clean as a whistle. 


tl;dr neighbor called cops on my friends and I because they thought we were robbing garage. Instead, we were a group of dumb kids smoking weed, and had the cops chase us down for nothing."|cjhart5|False|https://redd.it/ei9l5x|3|0.83|0|5|1|tifu
eidcsf|2020-01-01 03:30:22|TIFU: By not chewing properly and ruining New Year's Eve dinner.|"This happened about an hour and half ago. I finished making a Rib Eye and Crab Legs meal for my family (Surf & Turf), and we all sat down to eat. I guess I was so stoked by how the rib eye tasted, that I forgot to chew properly. It got lodged in my throat, right after the windpipe, so I could still breathe, but started gagging and throwing up.

I had to run to the kitchen sink to expel this, which  is also in the same room where we dine. My wife is watching and hearing me throw up, and she noped out of eating rest of dinner (the ruined part). The piece of steak is still lodged in my throat. Since I can still breathe, and this has happened before, I wasn't too concerned, but man, that steak is wedged in there. 

I try taking big gulps of water to push it down, but that doesn't work. I started gagging and puking up, just water though. I open Google and one site says try some carbonation, it's what they do at the ER. So take a drink of some Martinelli's we have. Bad idea. The carbonation starts blocking my airway, and now I can't breathe. I'm freaking out, but luckily I throw that up and can barely breathe again.

I decide not to expose my family to this anymore, so go to the bathroom. I'm just throwing up every 3 minutes. Trying to drink more water and sticjing my finger in my throat. Anything to remove this hunk of food.

About 30 minutes into this, I decide to call the insurance medical hotline. The intake lady was nice and it took me about 20 minutes to register, and get a video call appointment to talk to a doctor. I'm starting to think I need to go to the ER, which would suck as it's a $500 copay.

An hour into this, I'm still drinking water just to throw it up, finally the meat dislodged and I swallow it. 

Moral of this story, chew your damn food, you idiot (me).

TL;DR
Didn't chew properly. Food stuck in throat. Puking in front of family. Ruined New Year's Eve dinner."|Reefay|False|https://redd.it/eidcsf|1|0.67|0|4|1|tifu
ei940s|2019-12-31 21:27:44|TIFU By introducing my cousin to reddit.|"I’ve been trying to introduce my cousin to reddit for a long time, but he’s been using tiktok instead and doesn’t care for it. He finally got it this weekend. I showed him a bunch of subs I knew he would enjoy. I told him about the famous 50/50, and how I can’t handle it, but he wanted to try it. I showed him how to disable NSFW, but today, he finally tried it. He keeps looking at the bad pictures, then saying out loud what he sees and showing it to me. It’s the last thing I want to see and now I’d rather have him delete it. I’m never looking at his phone whenever he wants to show me something again. I know he’ll stop eventually, but for now, it’s pretty annoying.

TLDR- Finally showed cousin reddit, he keeps showing me r/fiftyfifty even though I hate it."|oceanman500|False|https://redd.it/ei940s|3|0.8|0|2|1|tifu
ei2lyr|2019-12-31 13:04:04|TIFU by asking my mom to take me to the hospital|"Obligatory this happened a couple of years ago. 

 Alright so as a young man I didn’t have my shit together, broke (not homeless) and no insurance. At the time I was staying with some family in town that happened to have a ton of children in the house. I took care of them with no issues when I could, to help pay my dues I’d also cook for them. Sweet set up, can’t complain. 

One of the drawbacks to living in this home was the lack of restrooms. Now the house wasn’t always clean, so it got bad rather quickly.. The restroom was no exception. It wasn’t rare to see streaks of feces on the toilet seat, so I always treated it like a public bathroom  and cleaned it before use. 

Okay let’s cut to the interesting part, one of these times I must have not cleaned properly enough. Don’t know how but I had a cut or a break in my skin in my ass crack that lies on the seat. 

Fast forward a couple of days. I start feeling a really weird back ache lower in my back that I’m not used to. I decided to kick back for a couple day’s and try to rest it off. After a while the ache becomes a huge discomfort and I can’t sit down with out experiencing pain. So my tail bone is the issue, not my back I think and try to webmd my situation. I misdiagnosed myself (surprise surprise) fully believing it was a psoriasis (which I did deal with) flare up in the joints or some shit. 

The pain gets so bad I can barely drive and need care fast. So I head to the one person I know is already comfortable seeing my ass. I stay with my mom and ask her if she can check the area out. She doesn’t see anything out of the ordinary. Stay there a couple of days until I can’t take the pain any more and developed a fever. Moms worried and trying to convince me to go to the hospital. It’s been 2 weeks since symptoms arose and I can’t the the pain so I buckle and she takes me to the ER. 

I have no idea what I have but there’s finally some swelling around my ass crack that definitely didn’t seem normal. I wish I had pictures but my poor mother was there to see it all. 
 
After siting awkwardly in the waiting area, we head to meet my nurse who is figuring out what’s going on (note that my nurse is female and quite attractive). 

She scopes the area and finds that I have an abscess under my ass crack but far enough from my sphincter that’s the operation wasn’t too complicated. 

My mother asks if she can stay and watch the operation. She’s an odd ball, likes popping videos and what not. I say fine whatever but no recording, she does have a history of breaking my balls though.. 

Needless to say when I realized my nurse was actually my doctor doing the operation, my mom asks her “Do you need to shave his ass before the operation?” They giggle while I’m faced down ready to get my ass ripped a new one. 

The rest of the operation was gross as fuck and my mom said she’d never seen a puss drainage get so much air. The doctor said if I waited any longer to drain the abscess it would have gone in to my blood stream and I most likely would have died. So you should probably go check out whatever is bothering ya cause you never know! 


TL;DR got a staph infection in my ass and asked my mom to take me to the hospital while she roasted me."|because_fuggit|False|https://redd.it/ei2lyr|14|1.0|0|11|1|tifu
ehreqn|2019-12-30 20:15:10|TIFU by eating a fried egg out of a 60 year old ashtray.|"A few weeks ago, I won an auction at an estate sale for a set of cast iron pans/skillets. There were a variety of sizes for the pans. One of which was an extremely small pan, roughly 3"" wide. About the same size as a fried egg. 


Obviously, (I assumed) this pan was designed for single people, who cook one egg at a time. It was well worn on the cooking surface. A nice black layer of seasoning had built up. Having some prior experience with cast iron seasoning, I knew that I shouldn't scrub it too hard or use acidic cleaning agents on it. So I wiped it down with olive oil and a paper towel. 


[Seasoning: for those unfamiliar with the concept of cast iron pan 'seasoning'. It has nothing to do with 'seasonings added for flavor', or ingredients. The term is related to a well-seasoned (think, 'experienced') pan, that has been used several times, creating a thin layer of baked-on fats, that create a very important layer, for the pan to function properly.]


A couple of weeks pass, and yesterday I decided to test out this little pan. I flipped it over and read the makers mark and model number, 'Wagner, 1050 A'. I recognized the manufacturer as a good quality brand, that I had seen before, but I didn't recognize the model number. I don't recognize most model numbers though, so I thought nothing of it.

I poured a little oil into the pan and let it heat up to frying temperatures, cracked an egg, and watched it fry.

When I went to take the egg out, surprisingly, some of the seasoning was coming off in thin black flakes. It's unusual for the layer of seasoning to just fall off. Especially when the flakes instantly dissolve in the oil. I'd never seen this before.

[I'm getting sick typing this. Just gagged a little. Taking a quick break.]

The egg was sticking to the surface much more than I thought it would. I scraped and scraped, and manage to keep the yoke from breaking. Salt, pepper, tossed it on top of an everything-bagel and ate it. 


Afterwards, I start cleaning up the pan and almost all of the season just washed off with a little warm water. ""That's not normal"", I think to myself. 


The two pour-spouts don't curve into the pan, as most do, allowing grease to pour out easier. I start googling ""Wagner Ware 1050A"" and I keep seeing 'ashtry' pop up. I change my search to include 'single-egg'. That didn't help. These were marketed as ashtrays for the kitchen cook. 


After a little research, I find out that Wagner used to sell ashtrays, shaped like tiny skillets, that the chefs could use for cigarette butts, while they smoked over the grill. 

I'm still mentally feeling weird. 

EDIT: Pictures of the skillet. Fork included for size reference. [ashtray pics](https://imgur.com/a/BzJXEQe)

TLDR; I fried an egg in an old dirty metal ashtray and ate it on a bagel. There were black bits."|phrogwing|False|https://redd.it/ehreqn|308|0.95|0|43|1|tifu
ei8sjn|2019-12-31 21:02:19|TIFU By Thinking There Wouldn't Be Wind|"I live with my mother, father, and sibling. We have a pop-up tent which we bought for an activity to shade people from the sun, and it’s not meant to be up for long amounts of time or in the wind. We had tried to take the tent down weeks earlier, but we had gotten stuck at making the legs shorter and had subsequently left it standing far longer than it was supposed to. We also have an orange tree, a flower bush, and a thorny creeper which are next to each other and near the tent. The thorny creeper had sent tendrils out to both of them, and despite this not being explicitly mentioned every time I refer to it, the flower bush also has thorns.

Today, at around midnight, the wind picked our tent up like a terrifying giant and deposited it with one leg over the fence with the thorny creeper and one leg smack-dab in the middle of the flower bush. In the morning, my mother and father found the mess and endeavored to fix it. They couldn’t lift it alone, so they called me to help. I stood on a chair, under the orange tree and in front of the thorny creeper, while my father tried to extract the tent from the flower bush and my mother tried to pull the tent back generally. Through our combined efforts, we managed to get all four legs on the same side of the fence, but the leg in the flower bush remained stubbornly stuck.

We took a break where we got a chance to get our bearings and lick our wounds. The thorns from the flower bush and fence creeper had clawed our hands up to some extent, so we washed them with soap to ward off infection. Then it was back to the tent, where we manned our old positions, with my sibling helping my mother. With the extra muscle, we were successful, and the tent stood with all four legs unencumbered. It looked majestic, save for the huge hole which rendered it useless.

My mother and sibling took the tarp off of the tent, and then realized the step we had forgotten: we were meant to push all four legs inwards, after which the tent could easily fit into the bag it had originally come to us in. We deposited the skeleton of the tent under the orange tree, which had held up admirably to being stabbed with a huge tent, and beside the flower bush, which looked much worse for wear.

On the bright side, we’ve finally taken the tent down, so this can't happen again.

TL;DR We didn’t move a pop-up tent after we were done using it. Taking initiative, the wind placed the tent in an awkward position, and we had to spend the morning extracting it from some of our thorny plants."|UnprofessionalSci5|False|https://redd.it/ei8sjn|3|1.0|0|0|1|tifu
ei149e|2019-12-31 10:18:04|TIFU by causing Anthrax scare at new job.|"So wind the clock back 18 years to September 12, 2001. I had just started a new job as an orderly at a local hospital, carting equipment, patients, drugs etc around the place. 

Day 1: My new boss walks me down to HR, and says he has to deliver a birthday cake to a friend. He was holding this cake behind his back (to hide it obv), and I thought in my stupid brain that he wanted me to carry it for him. So I went to grab it. He took a step forward and we both lost hold of it. The cake box did a quick 180 midair and faceplanted on the ground.

I was like ""Oh shitttttttt. Hadn't even made it to HR to sign paperwork and I'm already fired."" Fortunately we managed to rescue the cake, and re-decorate it a bit. And kept my job.  


A few weeks later I was delivering a trolley of supplies around the entire hospital. I get a call from the head of security on the 2 way radio saying ""OP Where are you?""

Me: ""Oh up in the funny farm.""

Security: ""Do you have a box of baby powder with you?""

Me: \*looks at trolley and the trail of white powder flowing from it\* ""Uh... yes, why?""

tl;dr - Started new job at hospital after September 11, and leaked baby powder all over a major hospital, almost causing an Anthrax shutdown.  


Somehow I kept the job for 6 months."|Naychaboy|False|https://redd.it/ei149e|19|0.95|0|4|1|tifu
ei5tzt|2019-12-31 17:24:42|TIFU by hitting myself in the head with a baseball bat. Twice....|"This didnt happen today but when I was around 12 years old I was playing outside with one of my good friends who was my neighbor. My friend was pitching me tennis balls and I would hit them with a metal bat. My dumb ass decided it would be a good idea to ask my friend to pitch me a basketball instead of a tennis ball. I swung as hard as my 12 year old arms could swing. When I hit the basketball the bat ricocheted back and smashed into my face. It made contact just above my right eye socket. I probably laid on the ground for a good 15 seconds before I realized what had happened. When I stood up there was a puddle of blood on the ground and blood was streaming down my face. After a quick inspection from my friends dad (and A LOT of blood in their bathroom sink) he walked me back to my house and told my parents I would need to go to the hospital. I got 5 stitches exactly where my eyebrow is. The doctor that stitched me up told me that if the bat had hit any lower it probably would have broken my eye socket and potentially compromised my eye. And I got lucky that the location of the stitches was where my eyebrow is so you cant even tell I have a scar. 

Fast forward to my 8th grade year and I was on my schools baseball team. We had winter workouts in the gym and one day our coach said we would be having a scrimmage. Because the gym was smaller than a baseball diamond he said we would be using a small basketball instead of a baseball so the ball couldnt be hit as far. I immediately think myself RED FLAG RED FLAG, I have done this before and it did not end well. I put myself at the end of the batting order so I could watch other people hit the basketball first. Everything went smooth and I was up to bat. Now if I had learned from my previous experience I could have explained my concern to my coach or just hit the basketball very lightly. But of course, once again, I swing as hard as I can. Im sure you can guess what happened next. Yep, ricochets right into my face. This time the bat connected right below my nose on my top lip. I immediately can taste a lot of blood in my mouth. Fortunately none of my teeth were damaged and I did not fracture anything. The real kicker is that I had braces at the time. So when the bat hit my face it smashed the inside of my lip into my braces. This resulted in my braces slicing the fuck out of the inside of my lip. I had a nasty fat lip for about a week and my gums were black and purple from the bruising. I learned my lesson that time, never did anything like that again. 

TL;DR I hit a basketball with a metal baseball bat, the bat ricocheted into my face. Went to the hospital and got 5 stitches. Didnt learn my lesson and did it again a few years later. Except this time it hit my upper lip and smashed my braces into my upper lip. The braces cut up the inside of my mouth and i had nasty bruises for a week."|gpmaginot15|False|https://redd.it/ei5tzt|4|1.0|0|5|1|tifu
ehzziu|2019-12-31 08:02:24|TIFU by dipping my cookies into some milk|"So i was recently prescribed seroquel to help me sleep, but i usually cut the dosage back a bit since I'm a heroin and cocaine addict. It makes you very, very fucking sleepy.

So I'm sleeping on the floor at my bosses hotel room absolutely beat from driving all day before and wake up in the middle of the night. Beyond hungry. Through the silent darkness i grab my chewy chocolate chip cookies and bring my milk cup in closer to me i had started sipping before drifting off.

I dip the cookie. The cookie had been dipped. cookie status: dipulation.

It tastes funny. Why does this taste so weird? I sinuses certainly didn't buy old milk Kroger employees work hard and hardly ever let it sit in so I'm finding it hard to believe the milk had gone sour. Maybe i just need more milk.

So... Another cookie. They are being forcefully drowned at this point. It still tastes. .. funny. I begin to start taking sips of the milk by itself. Not terrible. I persevere. I decimate the entire package, in complete darkness, and drift back off to dream of better things.

So eventually i wake up, quite thirsty and in quite a fog from the seroquel still. i move to take the last sip of my milk, however i catch a glance inside the cup as the morning rays of sunshine are cast upon it. 


It's water.....full of cigar butts and ashes. I died that day.

Tl;DR: i dipped a whole bag of Chocolate Chip Chewy Chips Ahoy Cookies™️ into a cup full of cigarettes ashes, cigar butts, and black brown oily water. I no longer drink liquids."|nope-dcxv|False|https://redd.it/ehzziu|26|0.85|0|6|1|tifu
ehydcn|2019-12-31 05:17:56|TIFU by closing a door.|"Warning that this is a bit long because I fancy myself a story teller, tl;dr at the bottom.


So my [19F] boyfriend [20M] and I have spent the last 6 days visiting my father who lives near the coast, for what so far has been a wonderful holiday. We're staying with him in his one bedroom flat, sleeping on an air mattress in the lounge area. 

Now, as all horny teenagers, we've been really trying hard to find a decent, secluded, private place to get freaky. We haven't had much luck. And unless we pay exorbitant amounts of money for a hotel room for one night, it's the great outdoors or the lounge. 

So this morning after a long drought the lounge won over. 

My dad is a really light sleeper, and since we've been here only sleeps about 4 hours at night, and the rest of the time he's awake and by his computer, in the lounge. However, last night he went to sleep pretty early, and instead of us thinking he may wake up early, we thought this meant he was tired and would sleep for longer finally giving us our chance.

So this morning at about 6am we woke up, and I went to the bathroom, which is unfortunately a walk through his room. And then I close his door a bit on my way out... For no actual clever reason other than closed door = more privacy.

So I climb on the mattress, and for more sauce, I'll tell you we did it sideways so as to seem more inconspicuous. 

It didn't make a difference.

About 2 minutes in my father walks out his room and I jump. And gave it all away.

He looks at us, ""spooning"" but with my leg backwards over my boyfriend. Of course we still try to keep up the gimmick, hoping he didn't realize what was happening. So it's all lying in the same position and trying to act.. natural. He doesn't say anything, walks to the kitchen to make coffee, and then walks back to his desk and says.

""You aren't very smart."" It was then we knew.

I ask him what he means.

""You shouldn't have closed the door if you wanted to start fun times.""

Apparently, I can walk past him to the bathroom, jump around in the lounge, even mess around in the kitchen, but the minute I close the door or mess with the windows, then he's wide awake.

So closing the door, is apparently the reason he woke up, and caught us in the act. I think I'm going to be spending a bit more time out of the house today.




Tl;dr Staying in a one bedroom flat with my father while on holiday, woke my father up when I closed the door so my boyfriend and I could have some privacy while we had sex, and he caught us in the middle of it."|agudhooman|True|https://redd.it/ehydcn|38|0.92|0|9|1|tifu
ehxqmt|2019-12-31 04:21:15|TIFU by pointing out a songs meaning|"TIFU (actually today too. Excuse the formatting)
I got home from work, and I actually get to sit down with my wife for alittle and we are just chatting about the day.. my wife says that my youngest (12F) has been at her friends all day.
She proceeds to show me all these tiktok of her and her friends dancing to a song
""IF SHE DONT CLAP WITHOUT HER HANDS""
My wife seems to find the way they are dancing funny, and I just look at her and point out the words to the song 
([song here](https://youtu.be/GirW35Tca00)

Well my daughter and her friend walk in, so I say 
""Pop quiz, who knows that ""if she dont clap without her hands"" means?""

""Oh , it's when you clap against a different part of your body"" comes the reply.


""Yeah, no.. it's when the girls got a big butt and can clap her butt checks together""

I think the kids will need therapy now


( her friend's mom was here too, we are close so no worries about overstepping a mark)


TL;DR I pointed out the true meaning to words of a popular tiktok song and horrified my daughter"|topknottington|False|https://redd.it/ehxqmt|36|0.94|0|4|1|tifu
ehshhb|2019-12-30 21:30:50|TIFU by almost hooking up with a MILF. (NSFW?)|"(Obligatory did not happen today but about six months ago disclaimer.) This fun little story happened on my friends bachelor trip in the high class city of Pensacola Florida. I’m typing this on mobile so I apologize for formatting. 

On the second night of our trip, after a long day of day drinking and shenanigans, we decide to check out this swanky bar beside the motel we were staying. They allowed me in with my styrofoam cup of golden grain OJ mix and my shirt unbuttoned (did I mention we had been drinking all day?). The bar was pretty cool, they had a cover band playing on the top floor and apparently smoking inside was still legal here? But we hangout for quite a while, a few of the guys go back to motel maybe an hour or two in but about 5 of us stay to close it out. 

while floating from upstairs to downstairs hanging out with everyone I get caught by the smooth beat and rhythm of The Cupid Shuffle and can’t help but to start dancing. While I’m in what seems to just be a walkway looking like an ass, this attractive blonde comes up and starts shuffling along with me, nice.  From what I could tell she seemed to be in her mid forties and my drunk glasses had me thinking she was a fine as fucka. 

I could tell she was pretty drunk too because the first thing she said to me as her eyes seemed lifeless was, “My son taught me this dance!”,which stunned me because the song itself teaches you the dance. We talk and dance for a minute and then she introduces me TO HER SON. Apparently they were on a “mother son” trip and they decided to go to a bar, nothing wrong with that of course but maybe they should have regulated how much they drank in that situation. 

Now even though I am solidly inebriated the red flag definitely caught my attention so I shook his hand and told them to have a great night, but of course I did not leave the bar. I went out to the balcony where the band was and started dancing like an ass again, and before you know it here comes mom shaking her ass out to me. I’m not going to stop this lady from having a god time, especially if I am benefitting from it. So fuck it, I’m out here grinding with mom while baby boy is sitting at the bar watching. ( one friend actually struck up a convo with baby boy at this point where he said that he wanted to beat me down.) 
 
Skipping a little bit along it’s the end of the night and it seems like we are not actually going to hookup, they play closing time as the universal sign to close out tabs. As I’m walking down stairs to meet my friends I see her closing out her tab and I make another play just to see what happens, as I walk by I squeeze her shoulder and rub her back and wink as she looks. Power. Me and my friends are talking in the parking lot for a minute and here come mom and baby boy walking out. 

 Here is where the fuck up begins; mom comes running up to me and asks what our plans are for the rest of the night. It  is 3 am at this point and it is/ has been apparent this woman wants to smash, my friends and even baby boy know this to be true. We are all drunk and my friends are trying to wingman baby boy away from me and mom so we can have some privacy, he just keeps staring at me with his glazed over death stare as his mom is under my arm and my hand is on her ass. He asks what room we are staying in, because they are staying at the same place, and I of course give him a fake number. After a while of this awkward altercation in the parking lot I get a little too uncomfortable and decide it isn’t worth it and walk off with the groom to the motel room. 

Back at the room we are laughing at the whole situation and grab a bottle of captain we had and go outside and sit on a picnic table to continue enjoying the time. Maybe 10 minutes later we see mom and baby boy come walking back, the groom yells to tell them to come over where we are sitting and just chill. However, hilariously, baby boy takes this the complete wrong way. He starts yelling, “ WHAT’D YOU SAY BRO?!?!!!” over and over. The groom, who is shit faced, is ready to fuck with someone so he gets all hyped up too saying, “I said whatever you think I said baby boy!” This goes for a while as me and mom try to get them to quit. The rest of our group comes up, two more guys who were with mom and baby boy before they showed up alone.

At a certain point some thing compelled me to
 forcefully end the altercation between them. So I walked up behind baby boy and put him in a mean ass headlock, my friends claim that I was screaming, “DO YOU LIKE THIS BOY”, but I totally believe them. NOT A MINUTE AFTER I PUT THIS BOY INTO A HEAD LOCK his mom puts me into the fiercest fucking headlock I have ever been in, I thought it was the end of my life. It was strong enough to make me let go and as soon as I did she let go as well. 

After that baby boy went back into the grooms face as mom got in my face really freaking me out, trying to seduce me and fight me at the same time. I go back to sit down at the picnic table and she follows me, as I sit down I see in my peripheral her picking up the captain bottle and tearing back to swing it into my temple. Luckily for me, another friend walked over with us and grabbed her up and swatted the bottle out of her hand. I then realized what was going on and I get in her face. as I am in her face a comical scene transpires of her throwing punches at my face but my arms being long enough to just barely shove her with one arm and her punches miss entirely, one of my shoves caught her off balance and she fell.

Her and baby boy retreat into their corners for a moment while we all sit on the picnic table laughing, baby boy takes his shirt off ready to charge in while mom holds him back. The groom  gets up again ready to squash the beef but baby boy is having none of it.

This story ends with a similar scene of me trying to break baby boy and the groom up again. Only this time, as I approach slowly with my hands like you would when you are trying to catch a feral cat, mom loses her shit and begins to shout bible versus and other godly shit like: “ MAY HE SMITE YOU WITH THUNDER!”, “ THE HAMMER OF TRUTH WILL REVEAL WHAT YOU REALLY ARE!” And our personal favorite, “ THE BELT OF STRENGTH WILL BRING JUSTICE.” And as she says that final line mom lays an open palm cat claw swipe down upon my fucking face. And that’s when I lose my shit. My friends grab me up before anything bad can truly happen but I grab baby boys baby wrists and I am just squeezing them and cursing at this woman as they pull me into the room. And the last blow she could get out of the whole ordeal was “ you are not a man.” 

The cops are called but nothing happens, they laugh it off because I blatantly say, “ I thought I was going to fuck this woman.”

TL;DR: a parking lot Attenboroughesque altercation devolves from me almost bagging a mans milf mom right in front of him."|Manbearpigglaus|True|https://redd.it/ehshhb|116|0.82|1|21|1|tifu
ei4gxj|2019-12-31 15:46:14|TIFU by tripping out with a razor|"This was actually *last night*’s FU, but i think that’s normal here. Also, it’s not a super huge FU or anything.

To preface all of this, i’m a 17M who prefers his one-eyed monster to have a full bush, if you know what i mean. Also, i have trouble sleeping which is why i have access to Ambien. If you aren’t already aware, if you don’t actually go to sleep after taking a pill of Ambien, you start to trip out pretty hard.

My plan for the night was simple: take a pill, go shave my face real quick, then jump in bed and wait for the effects to hit. I could waste less time if i took the pill first, is what i thought. So... how’d it go?

I had shaven my beard almost entirely when the Ambien started hitting me. I promptly finished up and washed my freshly-shaved face. While i was incredibly zoned-out, i figured it would be a good idea to continue, so i pulled down my pants and started preparing my *no-no square* for shaving. (i’ve never even attempted shaving my pubes before)

I woke up this morning to a clean-shaven trouser snake and the knowledge of my mistakes. **Never put a razor so close to your dick when you’re literally hallucinating aliens are in your shower.** also, i should probably lower my dose. Anything could’ve happened last night, so i guess i’m lucky my third leg is still attached. In conclusion: *very itchy.* 

TL:DR- tripped out on pills and shaved all of my pubic hair"|Klondike97|False|https://redd.it/ei4gxj|4|0.75|0|4|1|tifu
ei02u9|2019-12-31 08:12:58|TIFU by confusing a song with a German Leader|"Yep as the title says I confused the song ""I believe in Miracles"" or whatever the song is, I'm not 100% sure on its actual name but I confused the Miracle part with the one and Only Merkel, as in Angela Merkel the German chancellor. I always thought it was weird over the years as I heard the song dedicated to the German chancellor but I thought ""hey maybe shes really cool or inspiring for Germany or something"" until a few weeks ago I was discussing the song with my Mum because I was confused as to why it was about Angela Merkel when she told me it was in fact ""I believe in Miracles"" and not ""Merkel"" so for the last 14 years I've been wondering why this song was dedicated to a German Leader. And I've quietly sung along to this sing with my own lyrics many a time in public places. 

Sorry for the format I'm a mobile user as you've no doubt guessed already.

TL;DR got the lyrics in the song ""I believe in miracles"" confused with ""I believe in Merkel"" as in the German chancellor Angela Merkel, for at least 14 years"|HarshMuffins|False|https://redd.it/ei02u9|16|0.99|0|11|1|tifu
eiafdw|2019-12-31 23:13:49|TIFU by taking my anxiety medication.|"This isn't today and actually unfolded over about two months of time. I have some mental health issues PTSD, OCD, GAD, and MDD. My anxiety is very high to the point when not medicated I have panic attacks fairly regular when out in public because of sudden loud sounds. I have been working with my doctor to try to find medication that works. I had shown some improvement with Sertraline. We started with a low dose half a 25mg pill and it was working some so my doctor upped the dose slow till I was at about 50mg a day. Well one of the side effects of Sertraline is it can induce manic epidsode in people who don't normally have them. Guess what side effect I got. With chirstmas being my favorite time of the year added in with a lovely manic epidsode ended up with me going on a shopping spree I spent $5000 maxed out credit cards and got high interest pay day loans. the pay day loans are all coming due tomorrow most costing around 250. Because of my mental illness I am on SSD so I have very limited income. I am not sure what I am gonna do to pay my bills. So I have gone to my doctor and have been weaned off the anxiety meds so no more mania but anxiety is kicking in again and now with the added stress of being so far into debt that I see no way of ever getting out of it. My bank account is currently 225 over drawn. Since stopping my anxiety medication I have started repeatively checking my bank account like it would some how fix things. I think I am rambling at this point so the TLDR.
TLDR Anxiety meds caused manic epidsode I went on spending spree."|90percentimperfect|False|https://redd.it/eiafdw|1|0.6|0|0|1|tifu
ei0lbl|2019-12-31 09:16:38|TIFU by accepting a ride from unknown people|"This happened at 5 am of the 26th, the night after Christmas.

Me, my cousin and some friends went to a Christmas party.  
A friend of my cousin was driving and he suggested to leave the jackets in his car because we would have been hot once inside.

So, we get in at 10 pm and we start drinking and smoking.

I don't live in that town anymore since September, so I met a crazy amount of people I missed.

Had a drink and a joint with most of them so at the end I was like a very happy drunk dragon which snorted too much volcanic fumes.

Anyway it was like 4:30 am and my Bacco-worthy-drunkenness suggested me to just leave without saying a word.

This is where I fucked up.

So, it was freaking cold outside and my jacket was in that car.

I was walking more crooked than Pisa tower when I met my ""saviors"".

These gentlemen asked me if I needed a ride home.

""Sure. Why not? It's freezing cold and I'm drunk as fuck. *What could possibly go wrong*?""

I jump in, and this is where my memories are still stuck.

One blink and I wake up in a hospital, sitting on a chair.

Confused and without memories, I ask one of the gentlemans how the fuck did we end up there.

""Dude you just talked to the nurse... Don't you remember?""""Well, no. What happened?""""Dude, this is crazy, you've been talking until now""

He shows me a picture of an overturned car in pitiful conditions.

He told me that the girl who was driving was going at a crazy speed, she collided with a parked car, and ours had begun spinning for like 15 or more meters, then stopped.

I still don't remember ANYTHING about that. I have a big wound on my forehead, still suffering of never-ending headache and my right shoulder and ribs are painful as fuck.This dragon got his wing cut, huh?

In any case,  none of us have anything broken or lost his life, just pain and stuff.

""*W h a t  c o u l d  p o s s i b l y  g o  w r o n g?*""

TL;DR: Went to a Christmas party with friends, drunk as a camel which has alccol-fueled-humps I decided to leave and accepted a ride from strangers, ended up in a deadly car accident, everyone of us survived without complications but full of pain."|Yugen_Seeker|False|https://redd.it/ei0lbl|14|0.93|0|3|1|tifu
ei40c9|2019-12-31 15:09:36|TIFU by comparing someone to a dog|"This happened nearly a year ago, but it still causes me to cringe pretty frequently.

I work at a vet clinic currently. One of the most rewarding jobs ever, especially since I spent quite a long time in retail prior.

We get a lot of clients that I personally know-one of them being my old retail boss who we’ll call her Samantha. Her and I were pretty close so it was awesome to see her.

Now, Samantha’s dog had some health issues. He stayed with us overnight a couple times due to his allergies, and one of the times we had to give him an medicated bath. 

I snuck back to take a picture and text it her way, thinking it would be a nice gesture for someone missing their pet.

Here is where it gets bad. Samantha gave me a call shortly after and she was asking general questions about him. I answered, laughing and making jokes.

But this day, I was pretty tired. Like 10 hours into my shift and very little sleep tired. And when I’m tired, I don’t really have a filter. So the conversation went like this:

Me: “You know, I was just thinking, you kinda look like your [dog’s name]. It’s funny how humans can take after their pets!

Her: ... *forced laugh holy shit kill me* yeah, that is crazy! We’ll see you tomorrow then.

After I hung up, the receptionists around me just stood there with their mouths agape and laughed at me.

Worst part is I still see her frequently after unknowingly insulting her.

TLDR: I’m an unfiltered dingus who compared my old boss to her dog, and in turn probably ruined our friendship."|cocoapooop|False|https://redd.it/ei40c9|4|0.67|0|2|1|tifu
ei95vs|2019-12-31 21:31:57|TIFU by eating pasta while drunk|"Don't think this needs to be tagged NSFW but I will say vomit warning.

So context, I'm a kiwi and it's the morning after New Year's Eve. As a good young lad I partook in the tradition of getting shit faced, and definitely drunk more than I should.

I get home at about 3AM last night, and in a misguided attempt to avoid tomorrow's hangover I decide to make myself a nice carb filled meal. It's something of a tradition of mine to make midnight macaroni, so I fall upon the kitchen and start making myself some grub. Only problem is we don't have macarone elbows, only spaghetti, but I'm still too drunk to care so spaghetti it is.

So this morning I wake to find my plan to avoid a hangover is an abject failure. My head feels like it's been put through a wall and my stomach is dancing a tango. I try to make it to the toilet, but only manage to reach the sink before I let loose a tidal wave of half digested pasta. Interesting fact about chewed up, half digested pasta, it has the concistency almost of rice. Sticky, slimy, disgusting rice. The act of trying to scrape this stuff out of my mouth with my tongue is so disgusting that I throw up again, and then again. 

By this point there's a lovely big pile of pasta vomit clogging the sink that looks more or less now like it did when it was going down the first time. Also I'm short on breath after exorcisinf this abomination from my body, so I try to breathe in. Only to choke on the pasta vomit still stuck in my mouth, insighting me to vomit again. By this point there's so much vomit in my mouth that I can't breathe and I can't spit it out in time, so I begin flailing, gagging and choking, nearly passing out from lack of oxygen as chunky pasta salsa is liberally sprayed from my mouth across the bathroom floor. Eventually as desperation takes hold I manage to spit and swallow enough of the vomit to get a half breath in and save myself from an early grave.

So now I have to clean the bathroom and unclog the sink, but at least I have an amusing (?) story to tell. Also, don't make the same mistake I did tonight.

TL;DR Got drunk, ate pasta, threw up which caused a chain reaction of vomiting during which I inhaled vomit pasta and nearly suffocated."|GrahamPeters|False|https://redd.it/ei95vs|1|0.62|0|2|1|tifu
ehzbdc|2019-12-31 06:48:36|TIFU by getting coerced out of $5000 while under the influence of the ‘Devil’s Breath’ drug|"It was actually two days ago but I now just got home and I’m processing the whole thing. 

I (22M) was on vacation in Cartagena, Colombia with my whole family. We were having a pretty good time and for the last night there I decided to go out by myself and explore the Old Town. I told my parents I’d be careful and that I’d be back at the hotel by 1am at the latest. I made my way to a bar and had a couple drinks, and when I went back outside I was approached by a friendly guy around my age named ‘Juan.’ I’m not a complete dumbass, so I knew from the get-go he was trying to hustle me, but I’m also a guy who’s never had much luck making friends, so I welcomed his company. He told me about this club that he could get me in for free, so we went. We were met by another lively guy in the club and sat down at a VIP table. Juan bought drinks for the table and at that point I was getting a bit drunk. The guys started offering me cocaine and girls, and I told them I didn’t want to partake, but when they brought over an insanely beautiful girl who came and sat on my lap, I guess my instincts overtook my logic. Me and her went to the dance floor for a bit and I guess that’s when my drink was spiked. After I got back to the table and finished my drink, that’s when everything became a blur. I just remember little blips of the night after that. Being chauffeured around in taxis, going to different clubs and hotels and instinctually paying for and signing any bills I was given. I was there but I really wasn’t there, it was kind of like a dream state. 

When I started to come to, it was light outside and we were driving around in a taxi. I was still with Juan and the girl and some other scary looking guy. They told me I needed to pay her for her services and the apparent two other girls I’d slept with (no recollection of any of this.) I started to get freaked out and told them I just wanted to get back to my hotel and that’d I’d pay them. So we went from ATM to ATM trying to withdraw money, but little did I know my parents had cancelled my cards. We stopped at this sketchy club where they made me call my bank, and that’s when a couple police guys sent by the hotel came and asked if I was okay. It was like 8am by the time my parents arrived and they were absolutely livid. They informed me that I’d spent over 5k in a multitude of big charges on my MasterCard, and at that time I had no recollection of any of it. Juan said the charges were legit and that I had agreed to everything, that I was just drunk. There was no evidence of any wrong doing and I was too in a daze and freaked out to give any useful information to the police, so that was that. At first my parents were puzzled why I had been so reckless, because it is very unlike me, but as we started to do some research on Scopolamine, and how it was a very popular means of robbery in Colombia (50 000 poisonings per year,) it started to make more sense. 

All in all I guess the whole thing could have turned out a lot worse, there was a guy from our hotel who apparently went missing a couple days before me and he wasn’t let him go for 24 hours until he paid. I guess this was a pretty good life lesson for me on not to be so trusting of people, especially of people in an unfamiliar place.

TL:DR Colombia, got drugged, rip $5000"|ruffus5|False|https://redd.it/ehzbdc|11|0.77|0|7|1|tifu
ehwy6p|2019-12-31 03:14:07|TIFU by Pavlov'ing myself into testicular agony|"Alright gang so this actually happened today / over the course of the lat 5 days.

Every year my (24m) family takes a mini vacation around Christmas time, it keeps my immediate family close and allows us to get away and relax after a stressful year at work. It's me, my younger brother, my older sister, my mom and dad.

For context we all share a hotel room that consists of 2 beds and a pullout couch to save some $. Also for context I am a person who actually gets blue balls - some people don't get it at all and think it's a euphemism but I do, and it can really really hurt if you don't alleviate the pain.

Here's where the FU happens. After graduating college I got a job in the state where I went to school, it's working second shift so it starts later than your average 9 - 5. Being that I'm not a morning person my usual routine was to wake up, play a little 5 on 1 pocket pool, and start my day. Gets the heart going and you get some sweet sweet brain chemicals that make peeling yourself off your bed more tolerable. Well, this is the start of the FU.

As you can imagine our hotel room was a bit crowded, we're tight knit and kind of expected to go pretty much everywhere together on vacation, especially since I live pretty far away. So every morning I'd wake up and someone was already awake in the hotel, or right there in sight so I couldn't resume my uhhh usual morning routine. As a result of this I started to get pretty goddamn backed up, and by day 3 started to feel some pain from waking up at full mast and doing nothing about it. I ignored it, I'm particular about where and when I do the deed so I couldn't relieve myself the entire vacation. By the last day I could barely walk without wincing, told everyone it was stomach pain and that I'd tough it out.

Well today we flew back to my parents house, 4.5 hours on a flight, with swollen, backed up extremely sensitive beach balls I sat through probably 3 hours worth of turbulence bouncing up and down, simultaneously wanting to throw up while feeling my brain was going to deflate and leak out of my ears at any moment due to the pain echoing through my whole entire body. When we landed our usual 45 minute car ride turned into a 2 hour car ride with traffic. We got back home and I cant wait to get a moment alone. Pray for me reddit I think I'll be ok but dear god maybe I'll switch my routine up or take it a bit easier from now on.

TLDR - My morning routine quickly turns to an agonizing few days and excruciatingly bumpy plane ride"|slagnesium|True|https://redd.it/ehwy6p|19|0.78|0|9|1|tifu
ehvd8x|2019-12-31 01:06:22|TIFU by making my whole family think I was gay.|"So this past Christmas I was hanging out with my family.  There are many blunt people in my family, and one of my cousins was being rather obnoxious that night. At one point she turned to me and flat out asked me if I was gay. I haven’t had a real bring girlfriend in a long time. So she goes “so like what’s up with you are? You gay or something? Everyone wants to know..” 

I had been drinking and was feeling loose and said “gurrrrl I’m as straight as a long erect penis” I thought I was being funny but apparently that was a weird thing to say. She looks at me and says “yep I thought so, it’s ok no one here cares we were just wondering and now we know.” And everyone started laughing.

My mother called me the other day and told me that the entire family is talking about me coming out the closet. Which I didn’t because I’m not even like gay. Now they all think I’m gay when all I was trying to do was be funny. 

Tldr: my cousin asked me if I was gay and my answer somehow made it seem like I was."|reddituser174590|False|https://redd.it/ehvd8x|29|0.87|0|20|1|tifu
ehz23e|2019-12-31 06:23:01|TIFU by following my orthodontics place instagram with the WRONG account and they 100% think I'm f***ed in the head|"So 7 weeks ago I went to go get braces on and as I'm waiting in the waiting room the lady at the front desk tells me that If I follow them on instagram then I'll get ""points"". Now with these points you can get free gift cards and random little things like that. So of course why not follow it. I did. Lady at the front desk asks if I just followed them and of course i said yes. She looked kinda weirded out but I didnt think anything of it. 

So I'm laying in my bed and thinking about this meme page that I have been VERY inactive on (last time I posted on it was 7 weeks ago and I also havent been on it since) But let me tell ya...it has some very sexual and gory stuff on it. (At least someone my age shouldnt be seeing) So anyways I see I got a new follower. awesome! Let me see who it is. ITS MY FUCKING OTHODONTIST. Who followed me 7 weeks ago, Ok weird...OH SHIT OH SHIT OOOOOH SHIT. Hmm no wonder she was giving me weird looks. 

I'm just about dead rn. I'm a damn idiot. I unfollowed them and followed them with my main but oh jeez my heart just about stopped.

TL;DR Followed my orthodontics place instagram with my meme acct that has very sexual and gory stuff on it and I confirmed it was me...heh they followed back too"|hippocrate_hannah|False|https://redd.it/ehz23e|10|0.92|0|8|1|tifu
ehwn4l|2019-12-31 02:49:04|TIFU by accidentally drinking my own bathwater|"So I’m sitting in the bathtub drinking a Frappuccino,  because why not. Anyway, you know how sometimes when you’re halfway done a frozen drink, the frozen bits kind of collect at the bottom by themselves and turn to flavourless ice, and you have to wait for them to melt before you can keep drinking? Well, I came up with a unique solution.

I realized that because bathwater is hot, I could put the very bottom of the plastic cup in the water and use the heat to melt the frozen bits. I wasn’t dunking the cup all the way under the water, just the bottom, so the bathwater wasn’t pooling over the top and filling into the cup. Beverage was isolated from bathwater. Or so I thought.

I was feeling really proud of myself for inventing a new way to melt ice. It was going good, and before long I was almost done my drink.

Then I saw it. There was a small cut in the side of the cup right near the bottom. Once the whole drink was gone, I could clearly see the water filling in as I dunked, which I couldn’t see when there was still Frappuccino in there. This means that, the whole time, the cup was filling with bathwater as I was dipping the bottom, mixing in with my drink. Unbeknownst to me, I was drinking my own bathwater. I didn’t even taste it, but it had to have been there. 

Anyway now I’m feeling a little queasy and think I might puke. Does anyone know if drinking soap and germs will kill you?

TL;DR I accidentally drank my own bathwater and now I’m feeling a bit sick :("|BlakeSiefken|False|https://redd.it/ehwn4l|19|0.85|0|11|1|tifu
ehwd05|2019-12-31 02:25:54|TIFU By Using Nature's Icy Hot on the Wrong Parts|"TLDR at the bottom.

So, today I got home from my grandma's house and me and my mom needed to do a grocery run. We head to Walmart and I spotted the peppermint castile that I've been wanting to try because my mom told me it keeps you cool. We get it along some unscented and keep it moving until we've finished shopping for the month.

We get home and I'm fairly tired from the day. I had a lot on my mind from starting GED school to my ENT appointment and I decide to rub one out to relieve stress. After completing the deed, like always, I go to take a shower to cleanse myself from post clarity.

I turn the shower on super hot and look for a soap to use. I decide to use the peppermint and I begin to lather up. I don't feel any kind of sensation on my arms so without thinking I lathered up the rest of my body, progressively moving downward. I lathered up my pubes and continue to my thighs before I begin to feel a tingle. Immediately I regretted my decision.

Before I had the chance to do something, the fury of a thousand mighty glaciers lit up my genitals. I was incapable of doing anything for a few seconds due to the shock and pain. I sat with my genitals and pubes under the hot water to rinse them off but it did nothing. Eventually I had to accept my fate and resign myself to my fuck up.

Here, about 20 minutes later, I'm still in pain. I'm out of the shower and in boxer briefs which are helping to regulate the burning. It has subsided a bit but my poor bits probably won't feel better for another couple of hours. Lesson Learned: Peppermint Castile Soap Smells really nice, but doesn't feel as nice on your jiggly bits.


TLDR: TIFU by using peppermint soap on my pubes. It dripped down and now I've got a flaming cold crotch."|anonymousbro20|False|https://redd.it/ehwd05|21|0.9|0|2|1|tifu
ehz8gv|2019-12-31 06:40:19|TIFU by trying to be considerate while incredibly drunk|"So this happened on Christmas. I was out with a few friends, 2 girls (one I have been looking to ask out soon) and 2 guys. Me and another guy split a bottle of wine and all was well. He then suggested we buy another bottle of wine. Sure I said, 1 bottle of wine in total is a good limit for me before I get proper drunk.

He came back with a beer and then our wine was delivered. I asked him why he had a beer and he said he was good and didn't want more wine. So at this point my mission was clear, someone had to finish the expensive wine.

I carried out my duties as needed and shortly after I finished the group went to another bar. The wine really started hitting me so I got some water and juice and while I was drinking these everyone had moved around the bar and I was left watching all the coats and purses. I realized that I was too drunk and to avoid embarrassing myself I felt it best to leave. So I started gathering everything up.

I couldn't distinguish between the 2 girls purses unfortunately and I was attempting to not stumble around and ask people at random which was there's with a strong slur.

So clearly, the best option popped into my mind...I knew where the girl I like kept her ID as we had spent lots of time together before and I had seen it. So I opened what I thought was her purse, pulled her ID out, and put it back in...this was all of about 5 seconds. For some reason this did not register as a violation of privacy, it just struck me as a simple and quick solution. I went and gave everyone their stuff and left for home patting myself on the back and thinking I was such a considerate friend to make sure everyone had their things.

I texted her a few days later to see how things were but got no responses...no big deal, she is a busy woman. A few days after that a friend invited me out and when I got there she was there along with a few others. Great I thought...until I realized she refused to look at me and when I spoke to her she would give single word answers and start playing on her phone. Even our friend called her out on it but she acted as if nothing was up so I left.

Later that night I finally got ahold of her and found out she saw me ""digging in her purse"" and needless to say, as of right now...she is ghosting me and if she sees me in person she refuses to acknowledge my presence.

TL;DR
I was very drunk and wanted to leave the bar. All my friends, including a girl I was wanting to date, had scattered around the bar and I had everyone's stuff. I opened a purse to check the ID as I couldn't tell them apart to make sure I gave the right people the right things. She saw me do this and has now ghosted on me."|CrimsonBolt33|False|https://redd.it/ehz8gv|10|0.86|0|5|1|tifu
ehxzqb|2019-12-31 04:43:32|TIFU by answering my phone and assuming it would mute by background apps...|"I work from home all day and wanted to treat myself before my wife came home. So up to my bedroom with my phone and my headphones I went.

I was doing some browsing when I got a call. I recognized that it was from the hospital that my kid is in. When it rang I pulled my headphones out, thinking that would pause or at least mute the browser. Surprisingly the app continued playing while the phone was still ringing. Surely when I answer it’ll stop the app?

At first I thought it did. So I talked to a medical professional about my child After about a minute I realized I was still hearing some background noise. I killed the app as quickly as possible while still talking to her.

I wonder what, if anything, she heard.

Maybe it’s time for r/NoFap.

TL;DR My child’s medical professional likely heard my happy time video in the background of our call. Can’t wait to visit the hospital again."|DirtyConvos|False|https://redd.it/ehxzqb|12|0.85|0|2|1|tifu
ehny5e|2019-12-30 16:11:31|TIFU by rage quitting forever|"I play EVE online, a game where basically griefing is allowed, scamming, and a lot of stuff that wouldn’t be in other MMOs. I have autism and depression, which can get to me when playing that game. I make money by destroying people’s haulers where you are not allowed to attack people. If you do, police will destroy your ship. Basically, I sit on a trade hub and scan haulers for loot. I shoot the ones I can profit off of. This is relevant.

So yesterday, I destroyed a hauler and 2 billlion ISK (a lot of money) Dropped from it. However, the wreck landed outside my alt accounts looting range. Someone stole it all. This resulted in me raging at the game.

So I was so pissed that I send a support ticket saying I was addicted to the game and needed to be banned because of my “addiction”. This is not true, and I don’t know why I did this. They did ban it.

That was my favorite game and now I am permabanned. 2 out of my 3 accounts got banned. I doubt I can get them unbanned.

Proof: https://i.imgur.com/H62kXhr.jpg

Tl:dr Rage quit a game because something was taken, send a ticket asking for a permaban, get it before I can stop it"|SievertSolutionsEve|False|https://redd.it/ehny5e|115|0.73|0|101|1|tifu
ehvbdu|2019-12-31 01:02:13|TIFU by locking myself out of my office.. and then the evidence being found|"Hello Reddit..

&#x200B;

English is my first language and I'm not on mobile, so all errors are my own.  Today's TIFU is not from today, but the reality of it being a FU was realized about 30 minutes ago.

Scene is from Friday night.  I run a small care center in Arizona and was covering closing for my supervisor.  I don't usually close, and I've got somewhere to be after work, so I'm distracted just a bit.  I'm killing time until 7pm closing duties and decide to take the mail up to the mail room to get a bit of exercise.  Tell my employees where I'm going, and head towards the mail room.  Get to the mail lobby and hear the door \*snikt\* behind me, indicating it was now secured.  Nothing new there, I'd planned to head through the other door which led to the mail room, to get back to my area.   Head that way to notice that door was secured also.  This is where my not closing normally comes into play, because everything locks down after 5pm.  Not a big deal, because I have my access.... oh shit.  In my hasty decision to take the mail, I'd left it at my desk.   And my area is away from any of the doors I can get to, so I can't just wave or yell at someone to let me in.

So now I'm locked in the lobby of my building, with no way back into my area.  I don't have my badge or car keys or anything, just my cell and the mail.   With a flash of brilliance, I realize that the outer doors to the building should stay open until 7pm - and decide to head out into the cold (50 degrees Fahrenheit, I live in the desert, that's cold to me) to go through an outer door back into my area.

Walk outside, head to the door that should be open... and it's not.  And, of course, to get to that door, I had to leave my door, which is now closed.  So now I'm locked outside.  Check all the outer doors, all are locked, and I realize that I'm now screwed.  I'm the leader on duty, so I can't call someone in leadership to let me in. My team is the only one in the building, so can't ask anyone for help or wait for them to let me in.  I don't call our care line, so I don't have that memorized.  And I don't have any business cards (they're in my wallet) on me, to try to call it that way.  Realize that the mail I'm holding has our number on the bills - so I rip one of those open and call my own care line, to get one of my reps to let me into the building.  Success.  I get back in, bribe my rep with a Bang to not tell a soul about this, and go on with my night.

Now it's today.   End my day, tell my team goodbye and check in with the sup who I was covering for.  She's doing some call auditing, which is normal and I tell her our schedule for the next day.  Get in my car and head towards home.  Get stuck in some traffic, and check my work email to see an email from my supervisor (let's call her Karen for lol's sakes) with a call file attached to it and a giant laughing smiley face.  Can't play the call on my phone due to security protocol, so I call Karen to find out what the file is.  She picks up the phone dying laughing, which confuses me.   Ask what the call log was.  Karen tells me that she was doing the call audit and randomly pulled the call that was me calling to get let into the building.  And she's emailed it to my entire team to listen to.   Shit.   

I'm a huge troll at work, I keep the environment light and fun and we perform better because of it.  But now..... now I was about to be hoisted on my own petard by my own team.  I'll walk in the door tomorrow and be ridiculed.  Hopefully, they don't send the call to my leadership out of state, for my boss to call my judgement into question

TL:DR - Locked myself out of my office taking the mail, call my team through our business line to get let in, my employee finds the call and spreads it to embarrass me."|HInesDawg|False|https://redd.it/ehvbdu|23|0.87|0|12|1|tifu
eh90zh|2019-12-29 17:59:46|TIFU by making grilled cheese in the toaster|"Not a major screw up, but still funny.

I had heard that you can make grilled cheese in the toaster. You turn the toaster on its side, put the bread inside with cheese on the top half, and toast it. Easy!

I decided to give it a shot, and so I prepared the bread like I normally do. A little bit of butter on the bottom, cheese on top, and and it went!

Immediately after I pressed the button, the butter started to melt and the drip onto the heating coils. It started to smoke and a butter begin to burn. While I was waving away the smoke and questioning my life choices, the toaster popped and my grilled cheese ended up cheese side down on the ground.

TL;DR in limerick form, for no reason:

I heard of an idea that was bitchin'

To toast grilled cheese with precision

It started to brown

Then the butter dripped down

And it fell on the floor of my kitchen"|JasontheFuzz|False|https://redd.it/eh90zh|16940|0.94|12|794|1|tifu
ei5u0p|2019-12-31 17:24:45|TIFU By wasting my beer|"This happened a few months ago, just never posted cause I probably passed out before but here ya go

So all of my years of drinking my beer of choice is Bud Light Platinum. I've always thought beer bottles needed a bottle opener, I can't tell you how many times I've been without one or a lighter and struggled to open that bitch.

Today was one of those days.

Picked up a 12 pack of some buds, got home and shit where is my bottle opener? Couldn't find it or a lighter so the struggle begins again, after 10 minutes of fight this bottle cap I yell ""fuck this"" and go to punch an empty bottle on the counter only to whiff and hit the whats left of the 12 pack my dumbass put on the edge of the counter. Of course it falls and some of the bottles bust. I'm fucking mad at myself and the loss of beer so for some reason in anger I try pulling the bottle cap off and ended up turning my hand a bit at the same time. ""Holy shit did this cap just move when I twisted it??"" Twisted some more and I'll be damned if that bitch come right of. ""Wtf man"" I thought, ""You're definitely a little retarded"".

TL;DR In drunken frustration and spilled beer I learned my favorite beer has twist off tops I am drunk while typing, no shame in spelling and grammar errors."|Chill_Nate|False|https://redd.it/ei5u0p|0|0.5|0|15|1|tifu
ehx20r|2019-12-31 03:23:19|TIFU by setting my kitchen on fire|"Obligatory this happened a few years ago, but it keeps getting brought up by my family since I'm home for the holidays. 

In my house we had a pretty old, run down toaster, you had to jam the lever down hard to get it to work and it always burned everything. 

On this particular morning, my mum toasted herself a bagel, everything was fine, 

My sister made herself 2 slices of toast, everything remained fine

My fuck up was happening to use the toaster last.

The surface of the toaster was burning hot to the touch (which probably shouldn't happen with toasters but Idk, I'm no expert). A rational person probably wouldn't use it, but me being an idiot and like 12, decide I desperately need toast at that point. I carefully slide the bread in, sit down and wait. 

Then the bread just kinda bursts into flames, (still no idea why) The fire engulfed the whole toaster, then set the flannel next to it ablaze too.

Idk what's wrong with me but in tense/hysterical situations I get weirdly calm and non emotive. So I slipped out of the kitchen, careful not to let too much smoke out, walk into the living room, and say, 

""Mum, kitchen's on fire"" 

Without even looking up from her bagel, she goes

""Ok, love""

Dismisses my monotone statement and continues with her breakfast. 

I just kind of stood over her for a bit, then about 10 seconds later she sniffs the air, leaps up and barges open the kitchen door, setting off the fire alarm, and waking up my dad, (who I'm pretty sure only got so pissed off because I disturbed his sleep) 

My mum lept into action and somehow unplugged the toaster and dealt with the fires (she's genuinely one of my biggest heroes and basically fearless) There were scorch/burn marks left on the door about 2m away, so it was pretty intense. 

My lovely family decides that I must've been fucking around and done something stupid with the toaster because ""Toasters don't just catch fire"", so they all yelled at me for a bit, then made me clean up the kitchen and do my best to get rid of the scorch marks (which are still there) 

Ever since then, in my family I'm known as; the toaster bomber, the arsonist, the idiot who can't cook, and many more fun fun nicknames (I reeaaaaaaaaally love being home) 

TL;DR I used the toaster, it caught on fire and scorched a good deal of the kitchen before it was but out"|IronZy|False|https://redd.it/ehx20r|10|0.93|0|0|1|tifu
ehz8jc|2019-12-31 06:40:30|TIFU by putting off lunch and ended up awkwardly gatecrashing an office party.|"Totally by accident and happening right now. Okay so I work in a building  that's shared by different  departments and we share a common kitchen area. The landlords are really strict about eating anywhere else, all food has to be eaten and stored in the kitchen  only. 

Anyway, since it's the last working day of the year I, as an accountant, was just bomb  down by work so i wasn't  able to take lunch until right now (roughly 4pm in my timezone) 

Well I'm starving, seriously  I can feel the lining on my stomach melting!! I'm having a pauper meal of  fruits. I start and am like 20% into the meal when suddenly I hear a commotion behind me. Sure enough an entire department starts trickling in. I can't take my plate to the desk, I can't wash up as they are are literally hanging off every available  space there is. And worst of all I'm subject to smelling their amazing feast while I slowly peel and eat mango. Not to mention I'm most probably photobombing a shit ton of pics.

Apologies for the grammatical errors, no excuse just lazy, stressed  and getting tortured with food.

TL : DR Had a late lunch ended up the awkwardly gatecrashing an office party and can't escape"|round_the_corner|False|https://redd.it/ehz8jc|6|1.0|0|2|1|tifu
ehssjb|2019-12-30 21:53:02|TIFU trying to speak Russian during a family dinner and saying to my GF's grandma that I really like pussy|"Привет, this has happened 2 hours ago.

So I am in Russia, precisely in Ufa with my girlfriend and I am meeting her family for the first time.

I was having dinner with them and everybody was speaking Russian. 

I probably know 12 words in Russian, so she translated that her grandmother has 2 cats.
My brain made me say: мне нравится киска = I like cat. 

Everybody got very silent, a couple of people started laughing.

Here is the fuck up: I mixed up киска (kiska) with кошка (koshka). 

Koshka means cat, whilst kiska means PUSSY. 

So whilst staring her grandma straight in the eyes, I told everybody that I LIKE PUSSY.

Her dad was not happy 😅

Рака

TL;DR: during a family dinner I tried to say in Russian that I like cats, but I mixed up words and told my GF's grandma that I LIKE PUSSY"|TMaLuST|False|https://redd.it/ehssjb|32|0.89|0|14|1|tifu
ehcp2o|2019-12-29 22:33:30|TIFU by eating Taco Bell and masturbating|"I never quite thought I would end up here. Yet here I am. Let's get started, shall we?

So, today for lunch I went to Taco Bell. Taco Bell has never affected my body whatsoever, besides maybe gaining a few pounds. I ordered the nachos without sour cream or tomatoes. Say what you want, but those combined are disgusting. Now there is only beef, beans, and cheese on the chips. Anyways.. I eat my nachos and thoroughly enjoy them, even if they were a bit soggy. 

Fast forward a couple of hours. My boyfriend and I (I'm a girl) were sexting for a bit. This put me in the mood enough for me to have to ""take care"" of it. So I bust out my trusty vibrator. 

Here's some background: I can't orgasm without tensing my legs and but until my body physically begins to shake. So there I am, with my legs spread and the vibrator buzzing away. It's been 5 or so minutes and it's feeling great, so I tense my legs. I orgasm and it feels like I squirt. No big deal, it happens every so often. I finish and get off of my bed. I feel something running down my leg. Thinking it's just the squirt, I mindlessly wipe at it. When I look at my hand, it has a liquidy brown streak on it. 

I turn to look at my bed, already knowing what happened. My bed has a brown puddle staining the sheets. I take everything off of the bed and toss it into the washer, but I can't not think about this. 

TL;DR ate Taco Bell, got off with my vibrator and shit the bed."|IntelligentConcepts|True|https://redd.it/ehcp2o|2204|0.92|3|134|1|tifu
ei0nvj|2019-12-31 09:25:22|TIFU by smoking weed before an operation|"So this didn't happened today, but 2 years ago. The thread on the punch to the throat reminded me this story !

I was at the time 21 years old, and needed to have my appendice removed (appendicitis). It's important to note that i was an heavy smoker at the time, and that's why i thought blazing it right before the operation was a cool idea. It's also important to note that i'm more than 6 foot tall, and weight 180 lbs.

So here I am, joining my parents at the hospital for the operation. At this point i'm stressed out, but also completely stoned. The nurses prepares me, put me on the hospital bed and we start rolling to the operation block. I remember thinking that it was so nice being on a flying bed surrounded by nurses !

We finally arrive in the operation room. The surgeon put me under some strong as fuck narcotics, and i pass out.

This is were the FU happened. When i wake up, i'm not in the room, but in the hallway next to it. It's freezing cold. I try to move, but i can't : i'm tied on the bed. I'm tied on it like a fucking psychopat. At this point i realise everyone in the hallway is looking at me, and the surgeon is talking to a jacked dude who is also looking at me. I start to freak out internally, asking myself wtf happened.

Finally a nurse comes to me, but it's only to get me to my room. I didn't said a word. She set me on the bed, while the surgeon and my parents come in. They look mortified. The surgeon starts speaking : ""Well, the operation went well, but when we waked you up, you tried to jump out of your bed, and you punched the anesthetist (the jacked dude) in the face. You also tried to rip off the needle in your arm. We had to tie you to the bed and inject you a strong narcotic..""

After a moment of silence, and some mad looks from my dad, he resume :

"" This is usually a reaction of some anaesthetic to THC. Did you smoke in the 14 days prior the operation ? ""

At this moment if I was able to run away, i would. But I was still tied, so I just tuck myself deep inside the bed. I said in a tiny, broken voice : ""..Hmm..   ...maybe a bit last week-end at my friends party ?...""

My parents didn't knew I was smoking at the time, as I was good at hiding it and I lived in my own appartment. I was not blamed for it, since i'm not a kid anymore and I have cool parents, but that was still bad. My inflated lips were due to the intubation that i've tried to bite during my rambo phase.

It turns out heavy smokers are inclined to have reactions like this when being under the influence. The narcotics have less effects on your brain, and you can be extremely violent when you wake up because your ""primal instinct"" takes the lead.

**TL;DR I smoked before an appendice operation and went into rambo mode when the surgeon tried to wake me up.**"|THEFUNKI|False|https://redd.it/ei0nvj|4|0.61|0|5|1|tifu
ehlv7i|2019-12-30 13:10:27|TIFU by accidently reveling to my parents that I have my nipples pierced|"For the past week, I have been having trouble breathing and since I'm poor I decided to wait it out to see if it would get better. well, that genius plan didn't work as I ended up passing out in the middle of the Organic Chemistry lab. Since I had spilled some chemicals on me when I fainted, one of the TA's called an ambulance for me and my roommate, who was in the class, called my parents. 
Once I got to the Hospital I got hooked up to oxygen, got some medications, and waited for a chest X-ray.  About Three hours later one of the nurses took me down for the chest X-ray and had me remove all my earrings and jewelry including my nipple rings. I put them all in a dish and a nurse brought it back to the room I was in so I could put them back on after the X-ray. 
Everything was going smoothly until I came back and saw my dad curiously holding up one of the nipple rings. For some background, my parents are super religious and against any type of body modification other than ear piercings. They told me that I wasn't allowed to get anything as long as they were helping me pay for school. 
Now they aren't stupid, so when he asked me about it I knew I had to tell the truth to avoid more backlash from them. They were NOT happy, to say the least, and have since told me that they will no longer be helping me pay for my last year of school. 

TLDR: went to the hospital to get a chest X-Ray that I had to take off my nipple piercings for and my parents saw them and found out about the piercing. They reacted by refusing to pay for my last year of school"|prof_sandwich_maker|False|https://redd.it/ehlv7i|114|0.92|0|81|1|tifu
ehsfka|2019-12-30 21:26:57|TIFU by turning up for work|"Happened this morning. Since last night, I’ve not felt like going to work the next day. I woke up this morning with a headache and really wished I could call in sick and take the day off but unfortunately, I had no vacation or sick days left and would result in loss of pay which I would not be in a position to afford at this point.

Gathered myself together, gulped down some cereal and left to work. The parking lot was empty and it made me far more miserable than I would have wanted and kicked myself for not having saved up even a single day for a situation like this. Parked my car and went upstairs to my desk to find a completely empty office. I fired up my laptop, got myself some coffee and started reading through emails and then I realized that the heat was turned off. I knew that my work does this only on days that the office was closed. At this point I decided to make sure today was a working day and realized that it wasn’t! When people kept saying Monday was not a part of the break they seemed to have meant the previous Monday. Felt like a complete idiot and went home to give my wife the biggest laugh she’s had in months!

TL;DR went to work without realizing that the office was closed for the winter break."|nononsenseson|False|https://redd.it/ehsfka|26|0.99|0|3|1|tifu
ehh85b|2019-12-30 04:41:19|TIFU By moving a sofa with my little sisters boyfriend|"Forgive me i am on mobile and have dyslexia. This happened about an hour ago.

So I bought a sofa the day after Christmas, because I need one one. They called me today to say it came in and i could come pick it up. I called my little sister and her bf because she has the truck. We loaded up the new sofa and drove to my house. 

I ask her bf to help me move my old sofa to the the other side of room. We lift and move the old sofa and as we lift it up time stopped. 

I have a collection of bad dragon toys. Well when my ex and i split up I assumed she  had taken this toy because she was such a fan of it. Well this toy has an attachment that can shoot fake cum.

Well as we lift it the toy falls out of the bottom of the sofa. It was apparently loaded and ready to shoot so it hits the ground and leaks all over my little sisters boot.

So i sent them home with a case of beer and I am hoping they don't tell my mother or bring it up

TL;DR sisters boyfriend helped me move a sofa and a dildo leaked lube on his boot."|Lanternofearth|True|https://redd.it/ehh85b|464|0.9|0|55|1|tifu
ehx9m7|2019-12-31 03:40:56|TIFU by stalking the same people on LinkedIn multiple times|"So I want to melt into the floor and never be seen by anyone again.

I don't use LinkedIn at all. I have an account, but that's it. I immediately delete the emails I receive from it.

Anyways, there are a few old friends of mine that I haven't spoken to in YEARS. Since I'm a nostalgic loner with no life, I like to look up these people to see what they're up to, ~~think about what could have been~~ because I still care about them to a degree.

Turns out that LinkedIn sends you an email whenever someone looks at your profile :-))) So now all my old friends know that I've looked at their LinkedIn profiles *multiple* times throughout the past year.

On the one hand, I will likely never see these people again, so I don't have to face them with this knowledge. On the other hand, I'm super embarrassed that they know I've done this. Any hope of rekindling these friendships has now been dashed. Whoops haha :-))))

\[also, I *now* know that if you put your linkedin on private this is not an issue. I've since deleted my linkedin because I can't bear to be on that platform anymore\]

TL;DR: I've stalked old friends on LinkedIn and they know that I've done which humiliates me because it's a creepy thing to do and I've been out of their lives for years."|imsodumb321|False|https://redd.it/ehx9m7|6|0.75|0|3|1|tifu
ehrvun|2019-12-30 20:48:21|TIFU by playing Cookie Clicker over the holidays|"When I was young I received organ lessons at a church in the city I live in. It was not the parish my family belonged to and although I also was confirmed at that church I lost contact over time - first my organ teacher moved, then the pastor, then the organ teachers replacement. I also moved on, studied computer science, became the organist at another parish, played concerts there regularly (and very recently filled the church so that there even was no standing room) but always dreamed of playing a concert on the organ it all began. But with all the changes that happened there it seemed almost impossible.

&#x200B;

Now about three months ago out of the blue the organist of exactly said church approached me whether I would like to play a concert on New Year's Eve. Apparently word got around that my organ concerts are a bit different and I was more than happy and obviously agreed.

&#x200B;

Leaping forward to Christmas Eve - I am on vacation from my full-time job as a project manager, just played the last service of the year and am now looking forward to a whole week of undisturbed gaming. I really anticipated that and as I was thinking about which games the week to fill with I stumbled upon a game I played back in University. The finger-straining Cookie Clicker. So, for those who do not know the game, it basically boils down to clicking a giant cookie as often as you can.

&#x200B;

And so besides other games I always had Cookie Clicker open. And I clicked. And clicked. A lot. This morning I noticed a way too familiar pain in my wrist which very quickly expanded to my index finger. 

&#x200B;

Now I am sitting here, having put a whole tube of Voltaren on my hand and wrist and praying to every known deity that the pain will be bearable tomorrow evening.

&#x200B;

**TL;DR** After 15 years finally got the chance to play a concert at the organ I got my first lessons, played too much Cookie Clicker over the holidays, now I have typewriter's cramp and will have to take a whole bunch of pain meds to make it through the concert."|---RF---|False|https://redd.it/ehrvun|20|0.95|0|9|1|tifu
eht6ta|2019-12-30 22:21:22|TIFU by crashing the entire network in my company by accident|"Obligatory this didn't happen today but ~ 2 to 3 months ago, still haunts me and granted me the nickname ""Mr. Destroyer"".

So for some background: I (21M) from Germany am currently an apprentice in IT in a reasonably big engineering company.
Part of my responsibilites is managing the server that in turn manages all the mobile endpoints given to the employees by the company (Smartphones, Tablets). This server also establishes a secure connection to company ressources so employees can access their files and stuff from abroad.
One day this service randomly starts cutting out and people begin complaining they can't access their files or send mails from their phone, so naturally I start investigating.

This is where the fuck up happens.
This service communicates via a seperate virtual network on this particular server, and for some reason my nervous brain, between angry employees calling me and obscure troubleshooting threads I found online, decides it's a good idea to set up a network bridge between the network for the mobile service and the primary connector for the server.
This in turn produces a switching loop and subsequent complete loss of communication on this host.
Note the word ""host"": Nearly all of the (many) servers in my company are virtualized and run on 6 physical Machines/Hosts using VMWare. The way VMWare is set up allows the seemingless transition of virtual machines from one of the physical machines to another for load balancing or maintanance. Another feature is if one of the physical machine crashes/dies, it automatically reboots the virtual machines that were running on the dead machine before on another physical machine. 
When the machine that hosted my faulty server went offline, it was automatically considered dead, and the system tried to boot the virtual machines again on another host. Unfortunately my faulty configuration still got safed, and knocked out the second machine as it booted up. It was at this point that my colleagues and myself realized something was very wrong.
When the third host went offline after being ""infected"" by my faulty virtual machine, it had both domain controllers currently  running on it, which in short term control basically all access to the company network. Normally they are kept redundant on seperate physical hosts, but on this godforsaken day they resided on the same host due to maintanance requirements. 
After they went dark pretty much all access to the network stopped working. Unfortunately the workers at the production line often need drafts or files from their servers, so huge parts of the production also halted for an hour. 

It took some grease to get everything up and running again, but fortunately for me I didnt face major repercussions, and everything was up and running again after an hour. 
Nonetheless this experience still haunts me sometimes and made me tripple check every setting I alter at live systems now. My Instructor said he had never seen something like it and calls me Mr.Destroyer now which is nice.

TL;DR: Hastily tried to fix a server, ended up creating a switching loop which proceeded to take down the whole network by subsequently crashing all virtual hosts and corresponding virtual servers that run in our company for an hour, Instructor now calls me Mr.Destroyer"|DerBurner132|False|https://redd.it/eht6ta|13|0.91|0|6|1|tifu
ehrbtv|2019-12-30 20:09:45|TIFU by a spam call app convincing my landlord I murdered my wife.|"Ill start by saying I live in a condo with my wife, the building manager never calls unless there is something wrong and he literally NEEDS to come in. This literally happened earlier today so please excuse my giant run on of a story my heart is still pounding.  

So I head to work, not even an hour later I get a call from my wife saying there are cops banging on the door asking to come in. Shes a pretty nervous and anxious wreck so she turns off all the lights and doesn't answer. I hop back in my car to head home I work at a tattoo shop so no biggie if I go home. OTW I get a call and answer its my building manager , I instantly freak out asking why the fuck I'm getting calls from my wife saying the cops are busting down my door. He says I spoke with him earlier about that and was having a fight with my wife in the background...I never answered my phone earlier so i'm sure hes just confused, he redirects and asks when ill be home and that there was a leak and he needs to take a look. I rush home run upstairs my wife is freaking out she literally just says ""I'm leaving"" so she drives to who knows where. I do a quick clean up, my condo is literally a fucking wreck. Call back the manager back and let him know i'm home tell him to head on up. He comes looks very stand offish asks if he can come in and take a look at the pipes for leaks, I let him in he takes a look around he looks in my bathroom very slowly, as soon as he sees its just a normal bathroom I can see a look of relief on his face. He instantly becomes much more friendly asking what I did last night that might have caused a leak. I did nothing out of the ordinary just did a load of laundry. We chat and say to run a load of laundry in  a week and if it leaks to give him a call. As hes about to leave I stop him and ask what he was talking about saying I answered the phone and was fighting my wife, and the cops? He doubles down saying I absolutely answered and was having a fight with my wife who I said was ""Busy in the bathroom and couldn't come talk"" I look at my phone and it dawns on me...I use an app called ""Robokiller"" to stop spam calls, it answers the calls and plays a recorded message to fuck with people it even leaves pauses for them to talk and then responds, It sent his call to one of these messages. In my building managers mind he thought that I had done something terrible to my wife and ""dealt"" with her in the bathroom causing the leak. To say the least I uninstalled the app and unregistered my number.  

TL;DR: building manager calls, robokiller app answers convincing him Ive murdered my wife and her body has clogged the drain and flooded my bathroom causing a leak."|cheggiephoto|False|https://redd.it/ehrbtv|22|0.93|0|8|1|tifu
ehulot|2019-12-31 00:06:31|TIFU by breaking a guys nose in Mexico, losing my wallet with all my money and ID and getting attacked by dogs|"So this actually happened a couple months ago on spring break. I am an eastern European  girl dating a guy in the US. Since I had never been, my bf and I decided to go to Puerto Penasco on his spring break. Warning this is a long post, and my fucking up extends over a period of two days, so you have a Tl dr at the end in case you dont wanna read it all.

A little background, I am a very girly girl who lives in high heels and dresses. At the same time, I am a national champion wrestler, and my father is a Brazilian jiu jitsu coach that also spared me no slack, so I can kick ass if I have to. This has caused lots of guys getting beaten up because they put hands where they shouldn't have never expecting the storm.

Also an important thing, when I was a little girl, I got attacked by a pack of dogs (we had tons of stray dogs when I was growing up) and I am deathly scared even of the littlest of dogs and have a pretty bad PTSD reaction to dog barks.

Day 1. My boyfriend and I get to Mexico. We have a great day and we decided to go out clubbing. Now because of my athlete life, I dont really get to go out clubbing nor do I particularly enjoy it. We go anyway. On our way there I drink some home made moonshine so I was starting to get pretty shitfaced.  

My boyfriend orders us drinks and I really need to go the toilet and I go. This is where the shit show starts. I was super drunk and when I try to go back and find him, I cant. Club is super crowded, super loud, people are touching me and trying to get me up on tables to dance. I start getting super stressed.  In the mean time I talk to some American girl and they buy me a drink (this will be relevant later on)  

After that I am going around the club looking for my boyfriend, this dude touches my ass and it sends me in overkill. I turn around and elbow him around in the nose till he goes down and his nose is smashed in. He was out cold. Now obviously this was getting attention and I run away drunk and crying waddling in my high heels still trying to find my boyfriend. This is where my memory blacks out, and this is why my bf thinks I got roofied by the people giving me the last drink. 

Anyways my boyfriend fills in my gaps. Someone brought me over to him, drunk and crying. I basically start telling him all my bottled up issues with him. At this point he is like, okay we are going home. I am stubbornly throwing a fit and say I don't want to. He tries to physically drag me out, but I am a wrestler and i start wrestling him, going as far as getting him in a single leg. (He is a wrestler too tho so he defends and somehow manages to drag me out of the club) 

He calls a cab. We get in the cab and I feel like throwing up and tell him (between me telling him very loudly that I love him and love sucking his dick and that I really want to give him a blow job and wanna do him) that I'm gonna throw up. He tells the  cab driver to stop, the cab driver for whatever reason doesn't and I throw up all over myself and the car, in between throw up sessions keeping up my love for giving him blowjobs very clear and loud and crying he doesn't want me to touch him and that I am disgusting to him. (Poor cab driver and poor bf) We finally end up at the hotel, and gets hustled out of a lot of money to the cab driver because I threw up. 

You'd think this is a pretty fucked up day, but my talent scrapes up yet another one.

Day 2. I wake up hungover as fuck, I cringe at the story of last night and go about with my day.
My boyfriend and I decide to go out and have a proper clubbing day to make up for the day before.
We decide to go to this club my bf really likes, but when we get there we find out its closed. So we decide to go to another bar, but because we already lost so much money the day before, and didnt feel like paying for a cab, after looking at a map, we decide to walk there. In theory it would have been a 15 minute walk. Why not? As I always say ""We're going on an adventure piglet"". Now this is where we really fucked up. 

We start walking towards the Malecon. The map took us through this rocky place we sort of needed to hike. It was pitch dark and we couldn't see in front of us. I didnt have a bag with me so I give my boyfriend my wallet to put in his pocket. At one point I guess we take a wrong turn, and we cant advance because there is this light house that has a fence.

 We decide to hop the fence (it was already sort of down so it wasn't really that hard) but the moment we hit the ground we hear barking and dogs charge towards us. I am scared shitless and run back and jump the fence (and there were fucking shards around so I cut up my knee) but my boyfriend trips and falls when he tries to do the same. He manages to scramble out of there. I cry for a good 15 minutes  since 1. Dogs are my biggest fear and 2. I was scared my boyfriend will die,  and we decide to go back where we came from and get a cab.

 While we are walking, I suddenly remember my wallet. My boyfriend pats his pocket and realizes the wallet isnt there. Oh fuck. I had my passport and the cards with all of my money, and me losing that meant not only getting stuck in Mexico but also in the US and not being able to go home. So obviously he goes back to light house to try find it (while I was begging him not to, convinced he will die eaten by dogs) 
 Anyways, he is great with dogs and makes friends with them, turns out they were just hungry and obviously defensive of their territory, but they are pretty nice and just wanna play with him. He looks for my wallet everywhere and it was nowhere to be found. Shit. Again everything being pitch dark and me still crying and being scared of the dogs didnt help. 

So we realize we might have dropped it hiking up, and we walk back (not that we had any other choice). We end up finding it to my big relief.  We make it to the Malecon, have a few drinks, end up making love on the beach, and now we have a fun story to tell, so happy ending. But my god. This was one of my biggest fuck ups ever and I still find it impossible to believe we fucked up both of our vacation days but oh well.

Also we later on found out there were aggressive hermits living in an abandoned house that we passed, so guess it wasn't as bad as it could have been. (Not verified tho. Just heard)


Tl dr. My bf and I go te Mexico. We decide to go clubbing, I get drunk, possibly roofied, beat up a guy who touched my ass by elbowing him repeatedly in the nose and knocking him out, drunk tell my bf all my issues with him, try to wrestle him when he tries to get me out of the club. Throw up in a cab while trying to convince him to let me give him a bj. Next day we try go out clubbing again , decide to walk to another club as the one we went to was closed, have to jump a fence to a light house to get to the other house. Get attacked by dogs residing there. Make it out only to realize my wallet with my ID and money is lost. Bf goes back to said light house, makes friends with dogs but cant find my wallet. We end up finding it walking back. The end."|Sandwich_maker1|False|https://redd.it/ehulot|11|0.78|0|20|1|tifu
ehfqsx|2019-12-30 02:33:06|TIFU by writing Furry Porn for a short story contest|"Okay, so let me start from the beginning...

My local bookstore was hosting their annual short story contest. It happens in December, and this would be my first time participating. The reason I entered is because I wanted to test out my skills in writing and see what I can really do. And frankly, the prizes you win are mediocre, so there is nothing to get excited over. 

This year, contestants have to write about the Furies. Now, in case you have no idea what the Furies are, I shall give you a short and sweet explanation. Furies are these monstrous, scary as shit women from Ancient Greek mythology, and they seek vengeance against wrongdoers. 

Google for more information, as I am not qualified to teach you about this stuff, and might be wrong.

Moving onward... I hate to admit that I am stupid. A trueborn dumbass. You see, I kind of misread and misheard ""Furies"" as ""Furries"" and that led me down a very dark, unreturnable path.

Now, as an outsider of that fandom, I have little information and understanding about it. So, I had to do research to learn about it. I needed material. Something to help me generate ideas. 

I subjected myself to looking at fan art, analyzing pictures of people dressed up as fur-covered animals, scrolling through forum posts, and skimming through conversations where people express their interest or passion for anthropomorphic animals. 

I also found stories, and one thing I noticed is the subject matter... they are quite sexual. However, it was the fuel my brain required. 

So, I spent about five or six days writing this piece. The word count has to be close enough to 7500 words, so there is a lot I could fit into this, but man... I allowed myself to run wild. I used imagination in all the wrong ways possible.

I wrote erotic fiction. I wrote straight porn.

Beast fucking beast. 

To the extreme.

Vivid and intimate.

For a contest.

A contest where I have to read it in front of a group of people that are going to judge it.

Then vote for a winner.

And I only realized this today at the reading. Everyone else had brought their stories, and I managed to see one of them before the presentation. 

What do you think I saw?

Nothing about animals that have human characteristics. 

Nothing hot and steamy. 

Nothing to elicit sexual arousal from people.

Nope!

It turns out that sexual stuff is not welcomed in the contest. I assumed since it was 18+ that anything goes, but I failed to pay attention to the restrictions.  

Thus, I had to sit there, listening to everyone else read their stories, awaiting my turn, dreading my turn.

Face flushed with embarrassment. 

In order to avoid shame and trouble, I did the only thing I could think of doing at the time.

My name is called. I leave my seat. I stand before everyone. I flash a smile and say ""The End.""

Then I walk off. I leave the bookstore and go straight home. Never looking back. 

I could not let them know about this Frankenstein monster that I put my heart and soul into creating. 

TL;DR I wrote Furry porn for a short story contest"||False|https://redd.it/ehfqsx|527|0.9|0|61|1|tifu
ehtr57|2019-12-30 23:02:17|TIFU By Accidentally Taking a Compliment and Turning It Into an Insult|"This happened yesterday, but I still feel it today. Some background, I like special effects makeup and photography and combine the two, I'm still very new and very much practicing both. Anything creative I've done usually gets a lukewarm response from friends and family. I'm also bad with words, so I apologize if things just don't flow well.

Yesterday I came up with a bloody and creepy-ish sfx makeup look and took some photos and sent it to a friend of mine. This friend and I previously have tried to go on dates and be something more, but due to conflicting schedules and timing, he decided we're staying friends, and being friends, I thought he'd like to see what I did. Also, I still really, really like him, and want to want things with him. I wanted to see if he thought it was creepy and gross.

He texts back that's it good and then put in the text that it could be in a museum. I did not like that. I don't know what happened but my brain thought, ""is this some type of back handed compliment?"" No one's ever told me that something I've done is good enough for public viewing by strangers. And I highly doubt anyone wants to actually see photos of a grungy girl doused in fake blood and cuts unless they know said girl. It just felt odd to get, and then my evil brain thought maybe he was trying to make it clear that since he didn't want a relationship beyond friendship, he was just going to make a sarcastic comment. (Like what one of my friends would say, ""Oh yeah, how about you hang that in a museum and see who likes it then."")

I texted him back with these concerns and he called me a little later and I chose to not answer because I was out, but by his tone in the call me back message, I could tell he was not happy, and I decided to fuck up more by just sending a text back, asking if I said something wrong. He then sent a text explaining that I know he wouldn't say anything unless he meant it (which I do know) and that I shouldn't pick it apart to try and make it an insult. He also said he had seen stuff like this work in a museum. I told him that I never saw such things in a museum and I was thrown off because no one ever says things like that about what I do and I interpreted it wrong and I apologized. Then he said he was just real frustrated about how I turned the compliment into an insult. I apologized again and now he's just gone.

I feel really bad right now because I think I might have really hurt a great guy's feelings by not thinking before I wrote out a text. I know what's done is done, though. I think it could be a combination of me just feeling hurt about his declaration of us not working out as being more than friends, while I still really, really like him and just shocked someone would suggest something like that when everything creative I've done has been ""eh"" at best that made me think it could have been more mean in nature. I really just needed to vent, and it felt safer to do so with strangers on the internet.

TL;DR: I sent a friend a photo I did, he said it was well done and could be in a museum, it threw me off so much cause I don't get that kind of response, I thought he could be making fun of what I did. He didn't like that I turned his sincere compliment into an insult, and now I think we're not so much friends anymore."|HollyHomicide|False|https://redd.it/ehtr57|13|0.71|0|4|1|tifu
eh5uu6|2019-12-29 13:22:07|TIFU by packing a used condom in my 4-year-old preschooler’s lunch.|"Here we go - I haven’t shared this with a soul, and this is one that I thought I would take to my grave, but after a couple years of digesting the haunting I suppose it’s too hilarious to withhold any longer. And confessing to strangers is cheaper than therapy.

My boyfriend and I had just finished lovey time, and had to dispose of the ole jimmy hat. There happened to be an empty paper bag sitting on the nightstand, classic brown lunch sack style. Bingo - quick dropped her in there, out of sight of of mind, forgotten.

Fast forward a couple days, I’m tidying up my apartment. Being the avid recycler I am, I see what appears to be a perfectly empty paper bag with plenty of opportunity for reuse, and I refolded it to add to my baggie stash. I later decided to send my 4-year-old daughter’s PBJ, veggies, and applesauce to preschool in said bag one hurried morning. I should note that I also worked as an assistant teacher at this preschool. 

Come that afternoon, I arrive to the classroom ready to accompany the kids for their lunchtime. My coworker very sweetly pulled me aside and handed me a bundled trash bag with a smile on her face. She goes “I was unpacking your daughters lunch today and I noticed something strange on her plate. I thought you might want to see. But, you probably want to open this somewhere private.” I still didn’t have a hint of a clue what was going on. I snuck into the teachers office to take a peek, and there it was, my wilty shribbled condom... in. my. workplace... in. my. little girl’s. PRESCHOOL!!?!? Double whammy. WTF. And now if you want a real graphic mental image, I must’ve been at the beginning or end of my period at the time it was used, because it was tinted red/brown. I nearly blacked out from humiliation and tried to rack my brain for how on EARTH that possibly could’ve fucking happened. Finally I remembered, and realized it must’ve been sticky enough to adhere the inner wall of the bag, and being somewhat clear, I totally overlooked it. I did my walk of shame out of the office, apologized to the other teacher profusely, and we buckled over hysterically laughing. She assured me it was no problem, and that she didn’t tell anyone else. I found it especially courteous that she gave it back to me to dispose of myself. It could’ve been SOOO much worse had it gone any other way. My daughter herself could’ve found it and presented it in front of her 30 classmates. Luckily her lunch was all enclosed and stayed sanitary and she was able to eat it like nothing ever happened. God dammit.

That evening, the teacher sent me a nice text to further ease my shame. She shared that she’d been struggling with depression, and the situation made her belly laugh “harder than she had all year.” That alone was closure for me, and to this day we’ve had a special raw bond... no pun intended.

TL;DR A used condom was thrown away in my daughters recycled lunch bag, but it was found and disposed of privately."|walkeachotherhome|False|https://redd.it/eh5uu6|14461|0.89|6|502|1|tifu
ei675w|2019-12-31 17:50:32|TIFU by walking in on my mom having sex|"For context i'm 20 and i live with my mom who is in her late 50s. 

A couple of weeks ago my mom invited a friend of hers over for dinner (we'll call him G), coincidentally that same night i had plans to go to a party and come home late. 

G is a guy in his early 30s that my mother sees from time to time, i didn't think there was anything between them given the age difference but in hindsight i probably should have.

So it's 9pm and G shows up, we eat dinner and i leave to go to the party, leaving G and my mom alone.

By 1:30am most of my friends had left the party so i decided to also go home, after drunkenly walking for a couple of kilometers i finally reached my house and noticed that most of the lights were turned on which was very unusual because my mom almost never stays up after midnight and always turns all the lights off.

Being tired and drunk i didn't think much of it and i just opened the front door and walked in.

The living room was empty so i made my way to the hallway leading to the bedrooms and thats when i saw my mom coming towards me, and behind her i saw G sneaking into the bathroom wearing only his underwear.

I pretended not to see him and just said ""good night mom i'm gonna go to bed"", i went into my room and could hear G and my mom talking, after around 10 minutes G left and i went to sleep.

I'm not sure if they know that i saw them and i guess i never will know for sure, since i will not bring this up with my mom.

Don't get me wrong, i'm happy my mom has an active sex life at her age i just didn't want to know about it.

Tl:dr
Mom invited ""friend"" over for dinner, i came home early and walked in on them having sex."|immakillit|False|https://redd.it/ei675w|0|0.4|0|3|1|tifu
ehi7jk|2019-12-30 06:12:23|Tifu by taking one too many mint pills|"Today I actually fucked up, I have chronic stomach problems (IBS) so I have to stick to a particular diet. This means I make most of my own food, so I know exactly what goes into it. Well last night, my lady and I decided to order some mexican food, this place usually doesn't upset my stomach, but she is a fickle bitch. 

I woke up feeling the telltale signs of bad decisions, swollen pain and a screaming anus. I recently discovered this mint supplements that really help with the stomach discomfort and pain. So I took two at the same time, thinking ""doubling up will definitely help more"" right? Couple hours go by and its time for another trip to my porcelain throne.

I sit down and start to release my demons, when I notice a strong minty smell. I panic thinking I knocked over my S.O.'s multiple vials of moisturizing creams and washes, but can't find the origin of the odor. A moment later I feel this very odd sensation from my saddened butthole. Similarly to that feeling when you rub vicks on your chest. It quickly grows my potent, almost as if I stuck a ice cube up my ass, but forgot about it. 

That's when I realized the mint smell was coming from me. After a few minutes of menthol poo, I thought it was all past me, but to my surprise, the next few hours all of my farts smelled like mint gum. I don't feel freshened and question all of my life decisions. 

Tldr; had one too many mint supplements for a upset tummy and my anus got to experience what it's like to chew 5 gum."|yetti22|False|https://redd.it/ehi7jk|217|0.96|1|20|1|tifu
ehxbmd|2019-12-31 03:45:31|Tifu|"I was finishing up with my squirrel hunt (we got 3 out of out 4 encounters) soon we started talking about deer season and I was given some buckshot to see the power that it had, when I fired it, it left me on the ground and to add insult to injury I didn't even hit the target, soon we got into rifles and I have a 223 rifle and the guy I was with handed me his ar-15 and I fired it thinking it didn't have a magazine, (this is where I f'ed the hell up) but it had a loaded magazine that was impossible to see and I fired it.( I had an airsoft version and I played lots of Call Of Duty) This left my hunting party and me with an intense ringing in our ears.
 TL;DR This was 7 hours ago and I haven't gained all my hearing back.( THIS IS FILLER as the bots took down my first submission cause it wasn't long enough)"|Badartist12|False|https://redd.it/ehxbmd|3|0.67|0|4|1|tifu
ehun8e|2019-12-31 00:10:06|TIFU by treating a Social Security Officer like a zoo animal|"As a royal procrastinator I went to the social security office with my parents to update our citizenship status before the end of the year (after nearly 20 years, we at last American Citizens). Two hours later, we get called to the window.

The officer processing our paperwork collects our materials, and in my delusion I tap my pointer finger on the window he is behind. Unlike other windows it wasn’t one glass, but rather glass slats. I didn’t even realize he stopped to look at me. 

My father, terrified of government officials of all kinds frantically asks what’s wrong. When I replied, “I wanted to know if that was glass” my mother chastised me commenting on how rude it is to point. The nice officer smiles and said “they’ll have to clean the glass now.”

Every time I think about it I cringe. I’m sorry Social Security officer, you are not a zoo animal. I was too embarrassed to say it to your face because I’m frankly too old and not cute enough to do dumb things like that. 

Signed,

A spacey 23 year old who forgets how to behave in public sometimes and still lives with Mom and Dad.

TL;DR I tapped on the glass of a government official’s window without understanding the social implications"|thyrvda|False|https://redd.it/ehun8e|7|0.82|0|3|1|tifu
eh81ww|2019-12-29 16:44:45|TIFU by commenting on a relative's baby|"This actually happened yesterday but it was too late to post when we got back. So yesterday we went to my husband's Christmas celebration. It ended up being a lot bigger than last year and a few relatives showed up that I haven't seen in awhile or don't know very well. One relative who showed up was my husband's cousin Taylor. I saw her last at my wedding over a decade ago. Since then she's gotten married and had a baby named Christina who I have never met but have seen photos of sporadically. 

So they walk in and we're hugging and what not then Taylor took Christina down the hall to change her. They're like halfway down the hall and I said ""Boy is Christina getting big!"" It was like the air got sucked out of the room. Everyone got quiet and just kind of looked around. I can be socially awkward so I often put my foot in my mouth and I don't always know what I did wrong until after but I legit had no idea what was wrong with what I said. Commenting on babies growing is a pretty standard type of small talk. 

Couple hours later, we're headed home and it hit me. Christina is his cousin and Taylor is her baby. I just called his cousin fat not only in front of everyone but within earshot. I'm equally split between mortified/want to crawl in a hole and die and can't stop laughing about this. Wtf do I even do? Do I call and apologize? Hope and pray she didn't hear me? FML

TLDR: mixed up his cousins name with her baby's and told her she was fat 🤦‍♀️"|pm-me-puppypics|False|https://redd.it/eh81ww|2276|0.98|0|73|1|tifu
ehok53|2019-12-30 16:56:42|TIFU by just wanting a day off|"So this happened today. 

I work in a children’s store, my shift today was from 10 til 6. I hadn’t slept the night before at all and I was sleep deprived and just feeling shit. 

I just honestly wanted a day off. 

My work is pretty much impossible to get a sick day for. Even when I’ve been genuinely sick they won’t let me have a day off. The other staff are the type who will happily ask me for a shift cover but won’t return the favour. I knew I needed a plan and fast. 

So I come up with a genius idea. Fake an illness they can’t say no to! In my sleep deprived brain I didn’t even really think about how morally incorrect this is. And stupid. 

Cue the fuck up. I ring up the assistant manager, telling her I’ve woke up covered in chicken pox. Honestly, my fuck up registered when she gasped in shock and told me to not worry about it, she’d sort it out. For my work to do that, I knew I’d set myself in for something now. 

For some reason I thought photo evidence would be a great idea too. So I grabbed tweezers and a pen and made it look like I had little bump on my skin. Honestly they turned out pretty well. 

[The Fake Pox In Question](https://i.ibb.co/fX2GqfF/8888693-D-F5-D5-49-D4-856-D-5-E3-F96-C9-D9-F3.jpg)

Here’s when the fuck up registered. My manager texts me. Due to the fact I work in a children’s store and chicken pox is extremely contagious my manager tells me I need to take a prolonged amount of time off. 

Enough time that I need a doctors note. 

Now I’m sat here, not covered in chicken pox, still sleep deprived and thinking how the fuck can I get a doctors note for an illness I don’t even have. 

In conclusion, I should of really just said I had a stomach bug. 


Tl;dr Made up I had chicken pox for one day off. Now I have many days off and I need a doctors note."|spiritbby|False|https://redd.it/ehok53|26|0.88|0|19|1|tifu
ehsuo1|2019-12-30 21:57:15|TIFU choosing 2nd degree burns over a few pimples|"Obligatory 'this didn't happen today' - This actually happened many years ago, a few days before the first day of grade 12. It was a hot Australian summer's day, and I was helping my friend supervise kids playing on a jumping castle for a local event. I had really acne prone skin that easily flared up, so I decided I wouldn't wear sunscreen because I didn't want to break out before my first day of school. I was wearing a hat and sunnies anyway so all should be fine right? By the end of the day I could feel the tightness that meant my skin had seen a little too much sun, so I asked my friend if I looked burnt but apparantly I was just a little bit pink so I wasn't too worried. Anyway, I got home and my face was red. Like properly red. I fucked up, badly. My mum is pissed at me and I am pissed at myself, but the worst was yet to come. The next day, my face was swollen and I was unrecognisable. The only way I can describe it was I looked like Harry Potter when Hermione cast that disfiguring spell in the final HP movie. Mum took me to the emergency room, but in the end they decided there was nothing they could do, and I just had to wait. They did say I managed to get 2nd degree burns though, and I would likely blister just to top it all off. The next day was my first day of grade 12, which I missed because my face was still fucked, so my brother had to go to all my teachers and grab those important bits of paperwork you get on your first day. I went to school the next day, still swollen and red (with an incredibly obvious sunglasses outline on my face). Just to further my embarrassment, my new teachers couldn't tell who I was when comparing me to the picture they had on the attendance roll, so all the attention was on my when they asked who I was.

TL;DR: I didn't wear sunscreen to avoid acne on my first day of school, ended up looking incredibly fucked with 2nd degree burns on my face, plus swelling rendering me unrecognisable to my teachers."|AlgalBloom_|False|https://redd.it/ehsuo1|8|1.0|0|1|1|tifu
ehr0gs|2019-12-30 19:48:08|TIFU By Ignoring Family History and Ending Up In The ICU|"Apologies in advance for any typos. tl;dr at the end.

Everyone on both sides of my family have hypertension (high blood pressure). All 4 of my grandparents had it (2 had strokes of one type or another), both of my parents have it, and 2 of my brothers are on meds to regulate it.

My BP has always run a little low, so I thought it skipped me. It never even occurred to me that it was because I was hiking 3 or 4 times a week and in an active job on my feet for 7-8 hours a shift.

The past decade has shifted a lot of that, and this is where the mistakes start to creep in.

I lost that job due to circumstances beyond my control. When I did find a new one, it was nowhere near as active, and didn't leave me as much time for physical activity.

My wife kicked me out because she was having an affair. Stress levels climbed, and I didn't track what they were doing.

Finally, I don't go to the doctors. I'm rarely sick, so seeing someone that tells me ""oh, you're fine"" seemed like a waste of time.

All of this came to a head on Dec. 7th.

I went to bed feeling fine. I was finally going to spend time with my daughters after being unable to for the previous 2 months (car was getting repaired). Christmas time was here, lights were up, everyone has their lists to me... nothing seemed out of place.

I woke up at 4 AM, and my right side felt weird.

I felt like I had slept on my side wrong, and circulation had been cut off to my arm and leg. Both were a bit jerky and uncontrollable. ""eh... they'll be fine after a bit,"" I thought, as I rolled over and went back to sleep.

This was a mistake.

Fur hours later, I woke up and... while the numbness had worn off, and I was able to use them a bit, my arm and leg were still clumsy.

""Eh... just give them a bit, and the circulation will return,"" I thought, and tried ti get on with my day.

This compounded the error.

I cancelled with my girls (""Feel better, Dad""), and continued trying to get circulation back to my hand and foot.

Around 7 PM, I tried to make and eat dinner. It was at this moment that I realized that I could only feel food going down half my throat. I could swallow, but it felt **wrong**.

It was at this point that I started thinking **stroke**.

However, I was missing a lot of signs: no weakness in the muscles, no drooping face, no odd smells, no slurring of speech... maybe it's a pinched nerve?

""Doesn't matter. Call someone, get to the hospital.""

I called mt son ,who dropped everything and ran me to the VA hospital. I walked into the ER, and explained what was going on.

They took by blood pressure.

It was in the low 200s over 110s.

After 2 days in the ICU, a CT scan and an MRI, they confirmed a minor stroke, somewhere in the basal ganglia, which was why I had all of the sensory weirdness without muscle weakness.

(Highlights of the visit: being awoken every two hours for vitals checks... being hooked up to an EKG and trying to sleep with half a dozen wires stuck to my chest.... having 5 people converge on my bed because a nurse get a 180 over 100-ish reading... fun).

By Thursday, they decided I was okay to go home. Good thing, too, as I must have been driving my neighbors insane with constant pacing (the physical therapist told me to).

Currently, I'm on 4 different medications for blood pressure, anti-clotting, and cholesterol lowering. I walk with a slight limp (I have a cane for shopping and walks in pubic, just in case). My handwriting is shit (hand is too jittery).

If I had been more worried a lot sooner (2-3 hours after waking up), I may have recovered a lot quicker. As it stands, I'm expected to make 100% recovery, but the timetable is a lot iffier.

**tl;dr: Even though everyone around me was hypertensive, I thought I was immune. That mistake landed me in the ICU with a stroke.**

**Please... for the love of God and your family... at the very least, get your blood pressure checked regularly.** Even those coin-op sphygmomanometers in CVS are better than ""Eh... I'll be fine."""|molotok_c_518|False|https://redd.it/ehr0gs|12|0.78|0|11|1|tifu
ehh3nr|2019-12-30 04:30:30|TIFU by sending a picture of my boyfriend wearing my bra to a group chat and my mum|"So my boyfriend and I were goofing around while getting ready for bed. He decided to put on my bra and stuff it with mittens of all things - to, I quote, ""add that plumpiness"". He then took a picture of both of us with my phone in the mirror, me mid-way through cleaning my teeth and him posing like a typical teenager. 

He was sending it to himself on messenger when I tried to grab the phone. It nearly fell on the floor but on its way he caught it and managed to send it to both a group chat for some gamers that we know and to my mother.

She saw it before I recovered enough from laughing to remove it. 
We're seeing all the family on New Year's Eve.

The beautiful image in question:
https://i.imgur.com/eUG2XHD_d

TL;DR: Made my boyfriend drop my phone while he was sending himself a picture of him in my bra and he sent it to a group chat and my mum."|saffron-rice|False|https://redd.it/ehh3nr|141|0.95|0|18|1|tifu
eh30v2|2019-12-29 07:07:23|TIFU by getting a haircut the day before going on a date|"So Ive been talking to this girl Im into and finally decide to ask her out (this is my very first date ever and she hasn’t met me IRL). Obviously I’m super nervous/excited and what not, so I’m convinced by one of my roommates to get a fresh cut. Unbeknownst to me this would prove a terrible idea. 

I arrive at the barbers and asked for my usual “zero fade on the sides and a little bit shorter on top, like a crew cut”. the barber says alright, asks if I’m sure thats what I want and I cluelessly agree... ten seconds later half of the hair on the top of my head is now 1cm long! 

He pauses asking if this is alright and knowing full well that what has happened is irreversible I agree to let him finish and now look like a potato. 

Had this of happened literally any other time I would’ve been fine but my date is literally, the next day! I called all my friends asking for their opinions and they agree that my hair is 3/10 and that I look weird.

Im super stressed out for tomorrow and I’m super worried this is gonna be a turnoff.

TL;DR Went to get a cut to look good for my first ever date ended up looking like a potato.

UPDATE: The date went spectacularly with amazing advice from you guys and gals, I let her  know that “boy, do I have a story for you” a few hours before we met. Despite the great encouragement from you redditors, I was still a little bit nervous, that was until till I met her. I opened with “so, I bet your wondering why I look like a potato...” a smile and request to play with my hair removed any doubt from my mind that this would be anything but an amazing date. Lil snippet, we had hot potato chips on the beach... even got an expression of interest for date 2.

Thank you all for the wholesome support and kind words, couldn’t of done it without you and this is the reason I love the reddit community. 

Thank you for listening to my presentation."|Enyo305|False|https://redd.it/eh30v2|14301|0.93|1|1184|1|tifu
ehrw0e|2019-12-30 20:48:38|TIFU by not understanding what my crush/friend was telling me, and acted like a scumbag.|"TIFU by losing my god-damned mind, So for reference I (M,30) fucked up by just failing to understand what my friend (F,29) has been trying to tell me for months and I might have coat myself her as a romantic interest and possibly as a friend, also I truly believe that I honestly love this girl, she's fierce and strong and when I look at her I melt, now on to how I shit all over that love.


So months ago around July '19 my friend whom I fell out of contact with messaged me and we got to talking again, we talked about all sorts of things and started to rekindle an old flame that we never got to explore due to schooling and work. Everything seemed great we talked we laughed we shared countless pics and happy conversations, when I visited we had a great time and seemed to be really into each other then it started. So she did not want long distance and was fighting some demons and was trying to focus on getting better, I tried to be what I thought was supportive but looking back I was just being clingy. So months progress and i realized through some bad nights and some suggestions by friends (both her and work colleges) that I myself was not mentally okay, anxiety through the roof and probably some other things knocking around in my head. So I started to work on myself and thought I was making progress, looking back I was just trying to brute force my way to mental well being. In the meantime she got help and is doing much better but is adamant that I'm not okay and I need help, I agree just to placate her because I feel like I can through sheer will make myself better, once again so very wrong. Fast forward, we almost daily have arguments and fights over me being clingy and just not listening to her, this brings us to the end of December, I visit and things have only gotten worse, she's tried and tried to get me to understand what I'm doing wrong and that I need to worry about my mental health and I keep brushing it off, until I come to the actual fuck up. I for some reason, figured that sex will help, I think we've had sex multiple times before so sex will make it better, I've never been so wrong in my life. By now I'm sure your aware that I didn't subtly or in a classy way tried to seal the deal, nope I straight up asked for a FWB situation of nothing else while we try to figure out all the details... Yup I tried to get the girl I love to just have a casual relationship with me until I could figure out myself, and it of course was not well recepted. She is pissed, I've aplogized profously and told her how wrong I was and am taking full accountability not trying to make excuses but no words I have will help. I've never seen her this pissed, and at this point my only hope is to let her be mad and calm down and hope that she can find it in her heart to forgive. This has been the nail that I'm not okay and I am currently seeking help to try and fix myself, I just needed to get this out somewhere because it's killing me, I feel disgusting and I hate myself right now, I acted like a complete scumbag and I can't even stand to look at myself right now.

TLDR: reconnected with an old flame whom I dearly believe I truly love, she tried to help me with my mental health, I lie and say I'm better, then I asked her for a FWB relationship while we figure things out like a fucking goon, and now I hope she one day forgives me."|Birdog390|False|https://redd.it/ehrw0e|4|0.78|0|15|1|tifu
ehqxn8|2019-12-30 19:42:43|TIFU by indirectly scamming a stranger and having him show up at my house to harass my mother|"Throwaway for obvious reasons.

This wasn't exactly today but rather a week ago, but first, some backstory.

A short while ago, I was looking to upgrade my graphics card but was a bit strapped for cash as I am only 15 years old, I can't afford the latest GPU that Nvidia or AMD has out, so I took to Facebook Marketplace to hopefully try to find a deal. After hours of searching I came across a decent looking GTX 1050ti for an attractive price. I messaged the guy and he sent me a video of the graphics card working. Good enough for me, right? I arrange to meet this guy in a local grocery store and we do the deal.

I get home, plug it into my PC and low and behold.. it doesn't post. This was very strange given that he had sent me a video of it working on a very recent update of one of the games I play (I could see the new content). Confused, I ask my brother to try it in his computer and it boots right up.. okay? My brother refuses to swap cards with me because his is slightly better than what I had bought. I try to contact the previous owner only to find out that he has blocked me.

Some time passes and I decide I would like to sell it and hopefully buy something that works in my PC, I mean, it IS working.. it just depends on the computer.

Without being able to plug it in and see what windows says about the card and the previous owner giving no packaging, I had no idea of the specific information about it. So I put up an ad for it as a 1050ti 4GB because to my knowledge that's what it is.

It wasn't long before I had someone come by my house and pick it up, no questions asked. He takes it home and puts it into his PC and... it boots. Cool, I have my cash for a new GPU, he has a new graphics card, everyone wins, right? Wrong. A day later he messages me again complaining that it is not the 4GB that I had advertised and that it is actually a 2GB. I didn't really have much to say as he is lucky it works at all in his computer. I tell him there is nothing I can do to help him and proceed to block his number.

Everything was cool but some context on what was happening in my life at the time could be considered a mini TIFU. I had gone with my friend to get my tongue pierced behind my mother's back and hid it for as long as I could. It didn't take long for her to realize what I had done. She was livid. I had plans of going to my friend's house for the weekend to have some drinks as an end of year celebration. Needless to say this was now cancelled. After some reasoning with my mother we came to an agreement that I would take out the piercing and I would still be allowed to go to my friends house.

The weekend comes and I go over, we have drinks, it was a good time. Would you like to guess who was not having a good time? That's right, my mother, who was now being visited by a very irate man that was not impressed with his purchase and explained to my mother exactly what I had done.

My mother, obviously not impressed phoned me and explained that I was to give this man a full refund once I got home, which wouldn't have been a problem if I hadn't already spent the money.

Eventually we came to an agreement that I would give him a portion of his money back as that is all I had left.

TL:DR I falsely advertised a graphics card to someone and blocked him when he asked me about it. He then showed up to my house to confront me but my mother was the only one home as I was at a friend's house."|ILovePaulWalker7|False|https://redd.it/ehqxn8|4|0.69|1|9|1|tifu
ehlo82|2019-12-30 12:50:08|TIFU by using turmeric on a face mask|"
I’m sure you know where this is going, my naive self was reading about how to reduce redness on my face and some guy was talking about using turmeric to reduce inflammation. I didn’t think this was a bad idea at the time so I got myself some nice natural organic yogurt, turmeric and some honey and mixed that together. After half an hour I washed it off and guess who looked like a character from the Simpsons. The annoying thing was, I needed glasses so when I had the mask on, I had my glasses on too, and it stained my glasses yellow. It took me two days to get the stain off my skin and it was impossible to get the stain off my glasses so I ruined my glasses. (They were not cheap).

Lessons learned: don’t use turmeric on your skin, it stains really bad.

TL;DR: I used turmeric on a face mask and it stained my skin bright yellow and destroyed my glasses."|apole2308|False|https://redd.it/ehlo82|15|0.78|0|5|1|tifu
ehs6b4|2019-12-30 21:08:28|TIFU By getting blackout and calling out friends|"So today I woke up after a night of drinking with an incredible feeling of guilt.

I’d been in the pub all day without eating, and after coming home and started to wind up my friends on our group chat. I do believe that it turned nasty, and all my own doing. 

As a bit of backstory I’ve fallen out with a friend in the group chat, and have bottled up a lot of feelings regarding this guy, who seemingly gets the backing of the other ones. After a few too many, this manifested itself into a manic outburst.

I always get anxious and paranoid after drinking, so have avoided all social media today and muted my notifications. I haven’t read back the messages but want to make amends ASAP.

Anyone else been in this situation with any advice?

Feel like I’ve split the group and will have lost all of my friends.

TL;DR got blackout drunk and sent nasty messages to my friends, looking for advice."|Witty_Equal|False|https://redd.it/ehs6b4|3|0.83|0|2|1|tifu
ehpjpt|2019-12-30 18:06:15|TIFU by not falling asleep.|"Yesterday, was quite possibly the worst night of my life.

Some background: Me and my mom (my parents are divorced - that's important later on) went to a short two-day skiing trip, and we slept at her exes house, who happens to live in the mountains. He only has a one-room appartment, so he slept there with us.

So it's about 11P.M. and my mom and her ex want to watch a movie, and they invite me to join. I was quite sleepy, so I wanted to go to sleep. I put on headphones, so I didn't have to listen to the movie and try to sleep. After only about *15 minutes* they stopped the movie (my headphones don't isolate the outside sounds) and start moving a lot. I got a bit confused, but didn't think much of it and took of my headphones, so that I have less sound and fall asleep easier. Then it happened. I heard a weird click. Exatcly the kinda click that you hear while getting a blowjob. It was really impresive, that they were so quiet, but then her ex came with a subtle: ""Oh god"". Then he proceeded to go down on my mom and I could hear it... I really wanted to pretend to be asleep, to avoid akwardness, but I just couldn't I got up as fast as possible and went to the toilet. I was there for a solid hour hopping thay would be done, by the time I got back, and sure enough. Both were asleep. Still only got like 2 hours of sleep, because I just could't believe my mom would sleep *with her ex* while knowimg I'm there IN THE SAME FUCKING ROOM.

TL;DR: Slept in the same room as my mom and her ex, they fucked while they thought I'm asleep. Had to excuse myself to the toilet while they were going to town."|TomikBobik2003|False|https://redd.it/ehpjpt|5|0.87|0|2|1|tifu
ehtpzw|2019-12-30 23:00:05|TIFU by leaving the freezer off all weekend|"This happened this past Friday but the consequences weren't realized until today.  

I work as a warehouse worker and deliver dairy products to grocery stores,  Friday is the day our supply truck comes.  I work warehouse on Friday's and so i did my thing: unloading, rotating stock, throwing out stuff near its sell by date, etc.

First thing I have to do is stock the freezer, now me and the freezer don't get along.  It's cold and slippery also i sweat alot working in there cause I'm bundled up and hustling.  So, normally I'll flip the breaker switch off so it's bearable in there.   Keep in mind this freezer holds about 70 cases of ice cream and various frozen meats and pies.

After I'm done stocking I take a break and then stock the cooler.  Throughout my shift I keep feeling like i forgot something.  I brush it off my shift wraps up and I'm ready for the weekend.

Had a good weekend, come in today and I see in my work mailbox ""DO NOT SELL ICE CREAM FREEZER WAS OFF ALL WEEKEND.""  I swear I felt my blood turn cold and I remembered the breaker switch, I never switched back on.  Then my mind starts racing I keep thinking what's going to happen to me?  Will I get fired? Sued? Something else?

I do my delivery route and then come back and boss calls me.  I'm thinking, ""I'm f*cked so very very f*cked.""  I answer the phone and he very calmly asks what happened, so I told the whole truth and nothing but the truth.  He tells me he's going to write me up for this and to get a ski mask and this ended costing my employer $4000 in damaged product.  The dumpster is filled to the brim with damaged ice cream.

Then a realization came over me I wasn't going to be fired.  I felt like I was a death row inmate that got pardoned at the last minute.  Needless to say I'm never touching the breaker box again

TL:DR Left freezer off all weekend, ended up ruining $4000 worth of ice cream and by the grace of God I still have my job."|Lolinot89|False|https://redd.it/ehtpzw|2|1.0|0|3|1|tifu
ehdgwj|2019-12-29 23:31:43|TIFU by asking my doctor to make me gag|"A few things you should know about me before this story: I am emetophobic, which means I have an intense phobia of vomit. Anything related to vomit, looks like vomit, smells like vomit, almost always makes me want to faint. It’s great that I’m a professional on a college campus isn’t it?   Another fact, I have an incredibly sensitive gag reflex, which then triggers my phobia, so gagging or heaving is just as terrible for my mind and body as vomiting sometimes.  

On to the story! As a young lad, I pride myself on my physical health. I go to the gym, eat moderately healthy, but no one is infallible to ill health. Trying to be responsible, I booked a doctors appointment to have a general physical done as well as some bloodwork since very soon I’ll be off my parents insurance and I want to get everything done while I don’t have to pay for it. 

Doctor is a wonderful guy, checks my breathing, informs me my blood readings are great, and ensures that my fellas down under are in tip top shape. He asks if I have concerns and I told him that I was really hoping to get my tonsils removed still while on insurance, as I’m very susceptible to strep, like 4 times a season. Doc says no since you need it more times than that to get them removed, and asked if I was feeling any malease. Having just finished battling a cold, I mentioned that and he said to keep an eye on my health (very vague, I know.) In a moment of pure foolishness, I asked if I could get a strep test to ensure that it was just a cold. Yes. I’m an idiot. 

Doc obliges. In case you didn’t know, the rapid strep test involves shoving a long swan to the very back of your throat to get a sample. Remember when I said I have a bad gag reflex? 

I warn doc about this and he has a nurse hold my arms behind my back for me as I tend to push the doctor away when they start putting it in my mouth (yes, that’s what she said.) 

So here I am a grown man, being held by a nurse GAGGING AS LOUD AS FUCKING POSSIBLE as the doc Ron Jeremy’s my throat with this swan. I’m crying. Crying tears of sadness as I know I did this to myself. The doc said he needed another sample cause apparently I pulled back from him. Nurse puts me in a full Nelson at this point. And then I’m forced to take it like a good boy. With tears watering my beard and me gagging like I just inhaled a garden hose, I look up at doc and with a smirk he says “You’re a strong man aren’t you?”  My doc just made me a part of his porn fantasies I believe. Oh, and I don’t have strep. 

TL;DR: I can’t handle gagging and I asked my doc to gag me with a long stick."|Cosmicmix|False|https://redd.it/ehdgwj|139|0.96|0|12|1|tifu
ehrgir|2019-12-30 20:18:41|TIFU by elbow smashing my partner in the face while I slept....|" 

This actually happened today, about 4AM this morning. I was having a weird nightmare about some small child/werewolf thing ( I know, dreams are fucking weird) attacking me while I laid in bed. It got under the covers and started biting me from the side, so naturally, I elbow-smashed that little fucker right in the schnozz. **HARD.** And IMMEDIATELY woke up knowing exactly what I had done.

I am not yet sure how, but I apologized 117 times in less than 3 seconds. My partner was of course stunned and shocked at what I had done, but wasn't angry, recognizing what had happened after the shock wore off.

I am thinking fresh flowers and some wine in the hot tub might get me out of the doghouse with her. I wish sleep paralysis was a hard and fast rule...  


TL;DR: Sleep paralysis overcome by fight/flight genetic coding resulting in epic face smashing elbow"|WTP07|False|https://redd.it/ehrgir|2|0.8|0|1|1|tifu
ehop2n|2019-12-30 17:06:16|TIFU by verbally confirming someone’s well-being and being a total airhead at the wrong time.|"So this happened last Friday night after celebrating the post Christmas cheer with two old friends. We went out to town to both revel on the holiday and reflect on the year. 

Right after meeting it was an immediate jump into our troubles, our changes in perspective, our current goals and how we changed. Typical catch-up topics for friends while we were hopping from several bars in the old-town area.  After a night of sympathizing with each other’s ongoing narratives, walking the wharf and catching up we decided upon a rest at one of their homes.

(11:00pm~)

We were kinda emotionally raw from sharing introspection on our romance and friendships so we were unwinding by rolling some blunts, playing the Mandalorian on TV, and all around relaxing. 

The host and I did a dab of wax in the bathroom before chasing out our mutual friend to prevent secondhand smoke.

Our said mutual friend decided to wrap it up for the night since we talked bare for several hours and they weren’t interested in smoking since they were chasing a Federal job and were too emotionally exhausted to stay any longer. 

This was because they had earlier consulted us other two during bar hopping whether we believed the activities of their significant other were “weird”. In short both of us believed all of the circumstantial evidence over several months pointed to possible cheating. 

This understandably leaves them feeling dejected as they describe their mental health issues as courtesy of past recent relationships. The host realizing the departure of the mutual friend tries to convince her to stay but as she looks to me in response she gives me this “look”, exasperated and pointed. A look I recognize all too well. 

I smile in a show of “anti-peer pressure” I say “you can leave if you want to, as it’s been a long night already”. (8:00pm~1:00AM hang out)

Seeing that she has the vote 2/3 she smirks so the host offers to at least head downstairs to see them out and offers to walk her to her car and do the whole classic courtesy of opening car doors.

Not weird, I’ve seen him do this before and with multiple people but after walking outside with them I lean up against a car without crossing the street, I watch them cross and then keep my eyes circling the neighborhood because it’s pretty damn late and you only need one person to open a door and I’m not going to smoke alone inside when one of my friends is leaving. 

Out of the corner of my eye I see the two standing next to the driver side door before she suddenly runs around the car round the back, goes to the passenger door, jumps in, and lock the car.  This immediately gets my attention back on the two of them instead of the neighborhood. 

The host simply walks away after saying something to her I didn’t catch and heads directly for the front door. Right now alarms are still going off in my head since I just saw a grown woman use her car as a barrier to get away from someone. 

Kinda aggravating to see when you just had a whole night of sharing introspection and there’s a nagging in the back of my head to always check the established norm of an reaction after working with abuse victims for so long. 

>I know when I try to open her doors she’ll sometimes playfully smack the opener in feigned disapproval. It’s just her teasing, but a playful slap between two long term friends shouldn’t cause any adverse reaction... so I’m really wondering what the heck caused such an out of character reaction where physical distance was needed. 

I cross the street as the host passes me without a word and I approach the car as she shimmies over to the driver side. I call her name several times but she does not hear me before looking up at me in surprise after checking her phone. I motion to her to roll the window down and she quickly looks to the rear left of her vehicle before making eye contact. 

>*This is where I commit my social faux pas*

 “Does this this *usually* happen?” I say to her, while pointing at her and then miming a person running around her car on my hand. 

She looks confused for a second before giving a smiling reply while shaking her head “No, I was just being a stubborn old lady.” She assures me in a poor imitation of a southern drawl; my concern is readily dropped since she adopts a grinning face. I wave her off and she leaves, relieved that it is only a misunderstanding. 

>She... literally ran around her car to tease the host for fun. I totally mis-interpreted that when I’m standing like 30 feet away in the middle of the night. 🤦🏻‍♂️

As I return to the inside of the house, the host and I resettle but I can tell he is seething once we are both seated in his home.

He no longer makes direct eye contact and asks me *why* I asked the phrase “does this *usually* happen?* 

Grabbing the propane torch on his desk which we were using for dabbing he makes no motions with it and simply sits towards my direction but keeps his view centered on a spot 2 feet to my left, torch in hand and with a thousand yard stare. 

This barely constrained anger is palpable, where we were happily laughing minutes earlier and sharing our stories and yet in this moment I can see that his attitude has frozen solid. 

About to fear a fight but yet trusting his past character I speak bluntly. I told the host..

” I wanted to know if you were extra high or if it was within the norm for her to run around her car since I knew then I didn’t know what was established as normal between you after seeing-

He replies steadily and with almost conviction in his voice “I always walk her to her car and open the door for her”

I interject “That’s not what I mean, I know from my own experience that she likes to playfully slap people for opening doors for her-“

The host looks to me surprised “She...hits you?” His anger abating. 

“Uh, yeah, she hits, but it’s playfully,” I try to explain. 

> skipping two old stories about getting slapped casually on the arms when said mutual friend is excited but explaining to the host how it’s not aggravating and is a part of the charm as a pseudo-sibling.

Near the tail-end of this story I say to the host..

”so I have experienced that her action of smacking as her “boundaries” even if playful... would’ve been normalized with you due to its common presence. hence why I thought you were simply too high, and did something that pushed her beyond typical responsive behavior”

“People... typically learn and as you’ve been friends with her even longer than me... I thought your behavior might’ve been already adjusted to such a playful stance and anything causing an adverse reaction on your end would be due to an exterior factor... like being high... since I discounted factors like personality since you already have a history of being reasonable and we literally just ripped some wax and a blunt before saying goodbye”

.....


He’s been silent now and slowly say’s in an almost self-mocking tone...

 “that’s right, you’re right, people learn...*people learn*... that makes perfect sense...”

He saying this but he’s also not making eye contact yet... I’m not sure if he’s actually heard my rationalization or if he had simply chosen to swallow his anger for the sake of our past relationship.

He hands me the torch and asks me to fix a corner of the blunt but it takes time. My hands are shaking from the earlier adrenaline, feeling the nearness of a possible scuffle.

After a couple moments of silence his face relaxes but I can tell that the stress of the moment is still with him. 

He revealed... that in converse to the platonic background I shared, he reveals a secret admiration from her he failed to act upon in the far past and the unfairness of the world to give her such a misfortune as an unfaithful significant other now. 

That his rather old-schooled action was meant in his mind to acclimate her to honest treatment by a good figure since she had such a emotionally exhausting night. 

>Shit. 

I realize we’re actually motivated by the same thing and realize that by suspicion of his non existing (Re)action I had endangered the mental image and efforts he had put forth and it actually patronized his honest introspection with us the previous couple of hours.

I cover my eyes and brow in shame because not only have I disgraced a friend which I haven’t seen in ~two years... I start remembering the moments of outrage in my youth where I learned my childhood was much kinder than our  friend’s and how his statement aligns with my own belief. 

The host ended seriously... “she doesn’t deserve to be treated like that”. 

Aaaand thats where the dam breaks a minute or so later, adrenaline, being high, being empathetic all month to receive guests, talking about our problems for nearly the whole night, ... 

The host asks me why I’m crying, I only tell him half the truth...how the phrasing invoked old memories of outrage when learning your closest friends had only a sliver of the childhood you knew or had recorded. How it was simply immense outrage and sadness that followed whenever I thought those same words. 

>...I really felt like a dumb little kid again... just comes to show being in your early twenties doesn’t mean you suddenly stop being awkward... does it?

At that moment I bowed my head and voiced to the host;
“please... let me know if there was any way I could make it up to you, if there is *any* friction between us.” 

“No, no, you’ve always been a solid guy,..” he rebuts and we slowly ease our way out of this conversation back into safer waters... old friends we no longer see... other secrets we could not reveal until now and old boxing videos as the blunt smoke fills up the room again. 

But I don’t tell him about the shame of falsely accusing him... I didn’t really recognize that in myself until the next day after I had the full morning routine to think over what happened last night when I was running on instinct. 

I hope I can find an opportunity to voice my apology more succinctly to him or make it up. I did fuck up but it’s a small fuckup that says more about carelessness than ego. A silver lining in retrospect but still a flaw to be excised. 

TLDR; awkward reactions lead to awkward misunderstandings that are talked over... awkwardly... 

Writing this out helped me out my thoughts in order. Thanks to whomever came by to be entertained momentarily."|GreenMirage|False|https://redd.it/ehop2n|5|0.71|0|0|1|tifu
eh8xg2|2019-12-29 17:52:19|TIFU by returning a cell phone|"This happened yesterday, I found a phone by the trash at Starbucks.
I held it up and asked if anyone lost it, then stepped outside to ask a man with a baby that has just walked out.

He said it was his phone and got angry at me, asking how I got it and saying it was his baby's phone and how dare I steal from a baby, saying if he was a different guy he could have me arrested.

I'm homeless and basically always afraid of being in trouble for existing so I started to cry a little and tried explaining where I found it.
He walked away shaking his head at me.

I went back inside and a few minutes later an employee asked what I did with the phone because someone had called the store looking for it.

TL;DR
I gave someone else's phone to a guy who accused me of stealing it."|Adrasdea|False|https://redd.it/eh8xg2|349|0.99|0|63|1|tifu
ei0u88|2019-12-31 09:45:35|TIFU by storing my ziplocked weed inside a half full can|"This had happened around 11 PM - 2 am. Is it yesterday? Or just now? I cant tell

So last sunday I had planned to buy me some weed to have a good time and to release thoze negative vibes out of me. My dealer wasn't able to give the weed last Sunday so we made an agreement that he'll give it on Monday evening instead.

6:30 pm, monday.
I went to take the package and at the same time went to a Tim Hortons to buy a Canned Chocolate powder and went straight home. Well, I smoked first before that.

I live with my sister and mom. So basically it's up to me and my mom to make money for the bills but as of now I'm jobless and still is looking for one.

Back in the main story, I placed the weed inside the older can that's almost done and put a teabag to reduce the smell.

1 pm, my mom woke me up to go and watch My little sister. I can't find a way to fall asleep so I just tried to close my eyes and pretends to be asleep. I overheard my mom talking to someone on phone, probably my grandma. ""If only I had money, we'll leave °myname° and live far away"" so I was like ""I thought the same thing""

i remembered we were expecting a guests today and we were supposed to clean the house yesterday. She started cleaning the kitchen, my heartbeats were racing but still pretending to be asleep even making a snoring noises.

And just when I placed my face the opposite side of where my mom was I heard a sound resembles that of a gasp. I was expecting a huge sucker punch, so I was just laying down the couch stiffening my face just in case she'll slap me or kick my face in. I heard another noise, something like our old chair does. I opened my eyes slowly as small as possible and saw her shadow on the wall above me passing, probably went to the washroom. She came back and now I heard her sniffling, blowing her nose which was weird because she wasn't sick the last time I remember.

So NOW I was really ready to take in a huge hit from a rolling pin or something else from the kitchen. Nothing came.

I'm still here, laying in the couch with the blanket all over me. I'm being paranoid rn and still is waiting for a loud Knocking sound from the door. I'm suspecting my mom to have called the police. And if so, I'll make my longest jump, from 5th floor.

Tldr: bought 3g of weed for recreational use, hid it in a half full can of chocolate powder, mom probably seen it and threw it out, probably called the police. And I haven't even smoked a good portion of it.

Idk if I'm gonna feel guilty of what I've done or be happy that she got the Karma for saying they'll leave me once they get money.

As of now I'm still observing, gonna update if there's anything to update"||False|https://redd.it/ei0u88|0|0.14|0|12|1|tifu
ehrw9z|2019-12-30 20:49:12|TIFU by sleeping with 100$ headphones on and breaking them.|" I never thought I'd have any reason to go beyond lurking on this thread, let alone have anything to post. Clearly, I jinxed myself.

I haven't been sleeping much for 2ish weeks, and when I do it's only a couple hours at a time. Yesterday afternoon, apparently it all caught up to me and when I ""just laid down for a little while because my back hurts"" I put on my favorite creepy podcast because usually I'm far too engrossed to fall asleep.

Yeah. About that. Bitch, you thought?

I ended up sleeping for a few hours, unfortunately I'm a restless sleeper on the best days. I woke up and my headphones had been ripped off my head and were on the floor beside the couch. I picked them up and escorted myself to bed.

I forgot about it. Until I just went to play some music while I get some writing done.

Whelp. One side works extremely well still, the other completely dead. I tried all my usual tricks to get it working, various wire wiggling and smacking. I even whacked them on a wood table. The one side is still working just fine after that abuse, yet the other couldn't survive being dropped on a carpeted floor??

They were 100$, I got them as a birthday gift to myself when I was 18, before my life became literal trash wherein I can't even afford to avoid my food allergies, let alone replace headphones. Weeee! Because life hasn't screwed me enough lately!

 TL;DR Headphones can survive years of abuse and being smacked on a table but not falling off my dumb, sleeping head onto cushy carpet."|MidnightContraband|False|https://redd.it/ehrw9z|3|0.6|0|5|1|tifu
ehfg64|2019-12-30 02:07:59|TIFU by almost killing my family with vaporized cooking oil|"This happened about two hours ago.

My wife and I have been trying to be more frugal lately, so we're doing things like eating out less, making our own food instead of buying pre-packaged meals from the grocery store, etc.  I like boneless buffalo wings, but it's expensive to either order them from a restaurant (worse if I order delivery) or buy the pre-packaged bags of frozen wings (which aren't very good, either).  Because of this, I've been making my own boneless wings instead.  They turn out better, and are way cheaper to make.

I had my wings prepped, and the oil was heating on the stove.  It seemed like it was taking a lot more time to heat up than normal, so I turned the burner up and waited, occasionally checking the temperature with a digital cooking thermometer.

The thermometer finally hit 300 degrees, but the oil didn't look right.  There were a bunch of little bubbles coming off the bottom of the pan.  I figured it was moisture from the pan, until I looked at the thermometer again and saw the little letter C.

The oil wasn't at 300 degrees Fahrenheit.  It was at 300 degrees Celsius (572 degrees Fahrenheit).

For reference, the flash point of canola oil, the point at which the oil vaporizes enough to ignite, is 326°C (619°F).

I immediately turned off the burner and grabbed the fire extinguisher (like it would have helped with a flaming pan in a room filled with vaporized oil, but whatever, it made me feel better).  Luckily, the oil cooled down enough to let me cook without incident, though the house reeks of vaporized cooking oil.

We're still scrubbing things and putting out little dishes of baking soda, vinegar, lemon juice and anything else that might help kill the oil smell in the house.  It's not really working.

TL;DR: Almost turned myself into crispy chunks instead of the chicken wings."|dorsey6250|False|https://redd.it/ehfg64|65|0.89|0|22|1|tifu
ei1fbf|2019-12-31 10:53:03|TIFU accusing my girlfriend cheating on me in our own bed.|"Background story: My girlfriend (let's call her Ashley) and I have known each other for so long. Friends for 3 years before being boy- and girlfriend for 8 years. We have lived in the same apartment for five years and never had any big issues. 

Christmas time is always stressful, but this year I wanted to surprise her. I came home from my family the 20th of december instead of the 22nd of december (which were the date she thought I would be home)

So I came home at the evening around 22'ish, and I instantly heard sex noices comming from our bedroom. I instantly freaked out. I thought to myself: This must be a trick, Ashley. 

I couldn't help myself but try to sneak up close to the door trying to hear if it was her moaning. I could've sworn it was her. So I smashed up the door and just started yelling and accusing her of all kinds of shit. It was at this moment I realised that she was rewatching season 1 of YOU on Netflix. 

I apologiesed and started crying. She was just laughing. I found the clip on YouTube if you wonder how my girlfriend moans lol. 

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)   


TLDR: My girlfriend was watching a Netflix series and I thought she was fucking another dude, because the girl in the series moans just like my girlfriend. This is the clip from the series:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)"|Matandersen|True|https://redd.it/ei1fbf|0|0.29|0|2|1|tifu
ehg638|2019-12-30 03:08:51|TIFU by opening an Amazon package addressed to my gf's 13yo son|"This happened Christmas Eve. 

My girlfriend received an Amazon package for her 13 year old son like 6 months ago. She couldn't figure out what it was or who it was from and  her son denied ordering anything when she got it. So, she stashed the box in a closet, intending to ask me about it later since I was likely to have a better idea what toy or whatever it was that he ordered. But then she forgot about it. 

The box somehow came up in conversation while we were wrapping gifts on Christmas Eve and so we decided to investigate. Inside were two plain white boxes with black writing on them but nothing that made any sense. Likewise the packing receipt was rather innocuous. So me, in all my curious brilliance opened up the white boxes and then the black cylinder inside. 

And that's the story of the first time I've ever held a fleshlight. Also my first experience knowing her son has hormones (ew, boys are gross.)

I suggested we wrap up the ""toy"" and give it to him for Christmas with the rest of his toys,, like the narwhal she spent like 3 days crocheting him and is so cute. Mom said no.


Tldr, Amazon box delivered to my gf teenage son turns out to be a fleshlight which he denies ordering. Gf wouldn't let me tell him we knew what he was up to by wrapping it and giving it as a Christmas gift."|stereo_instructions|False|https://redd.it/ehg638|46|0.82|0|20|1|tifu
ehgs3d|2019-12-30 04:01:45|tifu by ruining my instant pot because i was horny|"This just happened earlier today. I am generally a clean guy. I do my weekend cleaning and tidy my place during the week. Three days ago I came back to my place after the christmas holidays. Feeling a bit randy from being at my parents place for so long and not being able to... relieve stress I logged onto grindr hoping for someone to pique interest. I found someone intriguing and things started escalating to the point where i’m giving him my address and buzzer code. I go to get a glass of water(which i should’ve just done to quench my thirst ;)) and realize i have a sink full of dishes most importantly to this story my instant pot. In my horny frenzy i decided to throw everything in my oven and worry about it later. Today was that later. I grabbed all the dishes from my oven and washed them. A few hours later i started to preheat my oven for dinner and while it was going get some more chores done. I was in my bedroom vacuuming when i hear my fire alarm go off. I started walking towards it and get hit with an overwhelming smell of plastic. i run to my oven to see my instant pot lid melted in the very back. I now have to buy myself a new element-i was able to peel off the plastic off of the grills. Fml.

tldr: was horny so i threw all my dishes in my oven before a grindr date. went to wash them today and didn’t realize i left my instant pot lid in there when i preheated the oven. now i have a melting pot😫"|normanjay|True|https://redd.it/ehgs3d|39|0.81|0|20|1|tifu
ehj6os|2019-12-30 07:56:58|TIFU by stealing $80 from my grandmother|"Dear Reddit, Sorry for the clickbait-y title. If I have lost the money I may as well gain Karma. 

First a disclaimer, I converted the currency to USD, Its $80 in NZD but 50 for all you Americans 

I am writing this on the bus on the way home from the City Center, basking in my own misfortune. So my babushka ( Grandmother) is in a retirement home and lives off benefits. She does not have much money because of this, which makes my FU so much worse. She likes to take the money she is going to spend out of her bank to have it in cash. 

I visit her on the weekends to take her out for a coffee and or just to get her out and about. She mentioned she needs to head down to the bank to get some money out for the week, I am about to head into the city so I offer to do it for her. I have power of attorney and manage her finances so I know her cards PIN. She needs to get $80  (50 USD)(she needed to buy a present for someone, hence why it was so much for the week). So I arrive at the bank and withdraw the $50 from her account, all is well.  ( A fifty dollar note and twenty she needed 80 but the ATM at the bank didn't give out 10s so I was just going to give her the $20 myself)

I am walking to the bus depot to head back to her place to drop off the cash. When I see a homeless man, I have seen him a lot even when it's late at night or raining, so I am fairly sure he is really homeless hence why I give him some food anytime it's convenient to me. He has some mental deficiencies ( I don't know if you can say that so sorry if mental deficiencies is offensive) He never communicates only makes strange noises, I am fairly sure he is non-verbal. I am feeling generous so I hand him what I thought was a $5 note. I know $5 does not seem generous but I'm struggling so don't attack me for that Reddit.  shove the note on a little tray thing he always has in front of him, and continue on my merry way. Now!! New Zealand has been compared to monopoly money by my friends as it is so colourful. The notes are completely different colours and shapes. I DONT KNOW HOW I DID WHAT I DID! you can probably already guess what has happened, I arrived at the Bus Depot and opened my purse to get my bus card out. Something inside me told me to check the money pocket of my purse, I did, No fifty was there. The twenty was there and a $5 note. F\*ck. Panic ensued, Tried to find the homeless guy, the one time I needed him he wasn't there SMFH convenient. I retraced my steps, nothing, I admit defeat and go back to the bus depot. I had a brave face on, I look at the bus screen times, I missed my bus the next one is in 30 minutes. I sit down and just cry

I am a student and live off instant noodles and currently have $13.60 to my name. I can not afford to pay her back and my grandmother now literally has 30 cents in her bank ( this is her bank after bills and things) So Reddit I hope you enjoyed my idiocy, I have no clue what to do and am considering calling my mother who I'm not close with at all to beg her for money. F\*ucking great. I am about to arrive at my bus stop to go to the retirement home.  I will post an update of what happened with my babushka if anyone cares later, I just needed to vent here. I'm screwed, I still have the $20 to give her. But I feel like shit because she was saving up for that $50

&#x200B;

TLDR: Tried to be a helpful grandchild and go fetch some money for my grandmother, decided to be a nice human and give a small amount of money to some homeless dude. It all backfired and I  gave my grandmothers money to the homeless man. I now refuse to ever be a decent human being again smh. Farewell Reddit"|nataliaMorozov|False|https://redd.it/ehj6os|20|0.73|0|7|1|tifu
ehr2iy|2019-12-30 19:52:11|TIFU by mailing the letter to my prospective in-laws informing them of the intent to marry their daughter to the wrong address.|"This didn’t happen today. The wheels started rolling after thanksgiving. While in a turkey food-coma I devised a secret wedding proposal to execute on Christmas. We live very close to her parents but planned a two week trip to my parent’s house for the holidays. 

I don’t really subscribe to the whole asking her parents for permission to marry their daughter but I certainly wanted to keep them in the loop. The entire plan was very secret and I didn’t want to risk her parents letting the cat out of the bag.

With that said I came up with the idea to send the in-laws a Christmas letter the day we leave town directed towards ‘mom & dad’ and posted as from my girlfriend but then containing the surprise that’s it is instead from me; the SON they always wished they had 😂. I googled mapped their house and triple checked it while completing the envelope. I wrote about how much I appreciated them and looked forward to being part of the family. I also included a picture of myself with the engagement ring.

Fast forward to Christmas Day. I have not received any texts from her parents which I thought was odd but maybe they just wanted to wait to see if she said yes. I execute the secret proposal scheme. She said YES! 🥳 Everyone was caught by surprise and it generally went off without a hitch. She asks me if I asked her parents and I said no but that I sent them a letter with all the details.

My fiancé takes a moment to call her parents with the big news. She opened up with, “hey mom, did you get the letter?” [ pause ] “No?... well I have a surprise for you!”.

😱 my stomach sank into my feet... 

I overhear her talking to her mom about how google has their address in the wrong city and zip code since it is a new build right on the edge of two cities. I went back inside to let her try to defend my fuckup. I decided to throw the engagement up on Facebook. Some of the first comments are of course from her parents and they are already giving me a hard time right in the engagement thread!

All and all they are really nice and like me plenty so I’m sure they are not too beat up about the whole ordeal. I received a USPS email today that shows the letter being sent back to me with a sticker stating, “no such address exists”. To add to the absurdity of the situation, I plan to just cross out the bad city/zip, throw on another stamp and throw it back in the mailbox. 😅

They should get a kick out of finding that letter in their mail shortly after we travel back home.

TLDR; mailed the letter to my future in-laws informing them of my intent to marry their daughter to the wrong address causing it to not show up before I popped the question. Now I’m on the naughty list for not even letting them know."|NHLroyrocks|False|https://redd.it/ehr2iy|1|0.6|0|4|1|tifu
ehbn2p|2019-12-29 21:15:06|TIFU by insulting a woman in a parking lot|"This happened a few days before Christmas, at Trader Joe's. I had finished my shopping and was maneuvering my car slowly out of the extremely crowded parking lot, which was full of pedestrians, cars, and shopping carts. I was near the front of the store when I spotted a good friend about to cross in front of me. I leaned my head out of my car and yelled, ""Move it or lose it, lady!"" She did not hear me, but every other single person in the parking lot did...my friend obliviously crossed in front of me while the rest of the people stared daggers. I texted my friend when I got home and needless to say she is now laughing her ass off at me.

TL;DR: I teased a friend in a crowded place, and everyone but her heard me and thought I was insulting her."|hapaca|False|https://redd.it/ehbn2p|110|0.91|0|8|1|tifu
ehpq14|2019-12-30 18:18:48|TIFU by texting the head of a school to which I do not go|"So back story: I went to another school for a christmas party with my friends. There was a board over there on which you could paint and stuff. So me, the dumbass that I am drew a penis on the board. Unfortunately for me though, the head of the school saw me do it and started screaming at me. Nothing happened for the rest of the night.

Anyways a few nights later I had a great idea of texting the head and told him he should suck on a penis. He said he'd contact cybercrime but I didnt take him seriously.

Long story short he actually did contact cybercrime and today I got a call from them saying somebody had registered a complaint against me. The cybercrime officer was really nice though and said that this time he wouldn't penalize me as I was just a kid, and he let me go after chewing me out.

I also felt bad for what I said to the head of the school so I texted him and apologized. He kept on asking for my details which I was reluctant to give him as I did not want my school to get involved, so I lied and said that one of my friends took my phone and texted him. Now hes asking for the details of my friends.

What should I do?

TL;DR I need help figuring out what to do next"|flying_purple_banana|False|https://redd.it/ehpq14|3|0.56|0|9|1|tifu
eh1yuz|2019-12-29 05:14:40|"TIFU by Going on a Better ""date"" with my Daughter than I Have with Wife in Eight Years"|"Let me (32M) start by explaining my use of ""date"". My SO (39F) let's call her K and I have two children, one let's call O is 10M and C is 11F. About once a month or so K and I have what we call a bonding day with each kid individually. Today was my day with C and her day with O. O wanted to stay home and watch shows I don't particularly like and play lego. It sounds like a great time. C wanted to go ice skating and she wanted me to pick an activity as well. K is very strict with the plan kind of person. I like to have an idea and run with it. So how was our day? It started at lunch at a Pho place because I really wanted a pork Bánh mì while there she wanted a Starbucks and I had a leftover gift card so I sent her over. We ate lunch on the way to the ice skate ring with the plan to do my activity next. After two hours of ice skating, we were both exhausted and I didn't want to start mine yet because I needed to sit for a while. So I thought I haven't had a mani in a long time that sounds nice, we head over to a local salon and she talks me into a Mani/Pedi. After a relaxing mani/Pedi, we head to my activity, a gun range. I shot my gun and rented her a pistol 22 because I wanted her to be more comfortable with the size of the gun. It went awesome she had a great time and was so proud of her paper target that she wanted to keep to bring home to show her mom. We had a tough time all day trying to figure out what we wanted for dinner. Finally, we came up with a great plan, Olive Garden, because we knew her mom was not a fan and would feel like she missed out. While waiting for our table she was watching silly Youtube videos while I texted her mom pictures and videos of what we had been up to so far. After she saw them she said ""I feel like it’s good we don’t do this on the regular. You guys are having a nicer date than you and I are going to have on our anniversary."" This is when I realized I fu*ked up. She wasn't wrong, it wasn't on purpose and almost no planning went into and yet somehow she was right. That day put together was better than anything we have planned for our upcoming anniversary. Got home to a SO that is understandably annoyed. Let's just say the couch looks pretty friendly tonight.

TL:DR I took my daughter on a wonderful day out that blows away what I have planned for my SO for our anniversary, now I'm gonna have to sleep on the couch tonight."|mtdunca|False|https://redd.it/eh1yuz|1898|0.88|0|391|1|tifu
ehj4kq|2019-12-30 07:50:01|TIFU by going to church camp|"Actually happened 5 years ago but the trauma I was left with still affects me today.

So for a little background, at the time I was a 14yr old straight bible thumper who thought God would solve all my problems if I just did anything a “good Christian” would. (Not bashing but my faith was definitely misguided due to personal issues.)

One day church had a big announcement about some “once in a lifetime experience to fully give my life over to God”. At the time I didn’t think anything else could help me get in his good graces (aka blessings for lifetime) like this opportunity. It was a week long camp where you and other kids your age partied it up in the name of jesus. How could I miss out on this?? After it ends I immediately ask around to see how I could sign up. I’m soon informed it’s 850$ and only one kid gets to go for free. Fuck. Me. My parents definitely couldn’t afford it and I was for sure not going to make them feel bad for not being able to so I do what any good Christian girl would do. I write a 2 page long essay begging to go. Less than a week later, my mom gets a call and i’m all signed up and on the bus list to go!

Camp comes along and the day before we leave I start feeling not so great in my stomach but I wasn’t going to miss out by telling my parents. Hell no. I take a laxative so I’m all good for tomorrow then head to bed. Big mistake.
Suprisingly, I wake up feeling great and I board the very nice double decker bus (while sitting next to one of the boys who also couldn’t fit up top so we had to sit on the lower level) at 6 am. The camp was 3 1/2 hours away so I just plan on sleeping. Out of nowhere I wake up with terrible stomach pains and I run to the bathroom on the brink of vomiting. I get in, slam the door, and before I know it i’ve thrown up everywhere and I mean EVERYWHERE. THEN the bubbleguts kick in. I sit to use to bathroom and there’s blood. How could I have confused period cramps with an upset stomach?? I call my group leader on my phone and tell her the sitch. Not only does she sound terrified but she put me on SPEAKER WITH THE REST OF THE GROUP LEADERS who also sound terrified . She comes down and wraps me in my blanket and takes me back to me sit. She tosses me some pain pills so I automatically down them with my cramps kicking in full force. Since we were only 2 1/2 hours into the ride I swaddled myself into a ball with a trashbag in hand and sink into my own pit of self hatred. My repeated trips to the bathroom started to make everyone hate me.
The boy next to me chose to sit on the floor as far away from me as he could do to the lack of ventilation on the bus as well. 

For the rest of camp my period only got worse and instead of going to the concerts, getting closer to a God, and hanging out with all these other teens, I hid inside my hotel room crying, over consuming pain pills, and throwing up. Probably what I deserved for going for the wrong reasons. 

Also had to pay 150$ for the double decker bathroom to get cleaned.

TL;DR confused upset stomach with period before heading on long trip to camp. took laxatives. crucified socially and mentally."|taylxrsp8s|False|https://redd.it/ehj4kq|12|0.9|0|3|1|tifu
ehk3he|2019-12-30 09:44:47|"TIFU by being scammed by a Chinese ""high-end gentleman's club"""|"Throwaway account.

I was visiting my relatives in Beijing for Christmas. Staying alone in a hotel during the day can get quite lonely, and somehow I snapped and decided to look up local massage parlors (I can understand/speak Chinese to an extent so that helped). Found one that looked really nice, almost like a high-end club, added the admin's QQ, looks like a pretty cute girl from her status, was promised a myriad of services, which included massage, teasing etc. for 2 hours at a price of only 1000 RMB (a little more than $140). The alarm bell in me rang and hinted that this is too good to be true, but I was thinking more with my dick so I went through with it.

Fast forward to meeting time. I got to the rendezvous address that the girl sent me. A guy greeted me and opened a door to a really nice looking club. I was greeted with very attractive girls, a warm ambience (considering that it is freezing outside, this definitely was a huge plus) and a very cozy private massage room. They prepared shower gears and asked me to make myself uncomfortable. I undressed, took a shower and waited. A couple minutes later a very nice manager-looking lady came in and started chatting with me. She was kinda fun but during the chat hinted that I could get better service in the ""high-end part"" of the club if I pay more and become a VIP, but she fit it in her conversation in such a natural way I didn't even find it alarming. She then brought in 2 girls, an older one and a younger one and asked me to pick one out of the two. I picked the younger one, and thinking back to it a couple hours later (now), I thank god I did.

I think many of you already know where this one is going. The beginning was fine as she massaged me a bit with oil, but then she started gently caressing my legs and genital area, and at the same time started talking about the ""VIP services"" where I could get the full service i.e. the one they promised, as long as I pay a bit more (which is actually 3-4 times the original price). She said it in such an abrupt way that I felt incredibly uncomfortable: I believe this is due to her inexperience in their business strategy: luring people into paying by fitting it seamlessly into dirty talks and caressing, something that the older woman would have nailed (I presume). This is why I believe that choosing the young girl might have saved me thousands of RMBs and possibly more. But I digress. I tried to stop her by saying that I am fine with what she is doing, but after a couple minutes she started talking about it again. She even brought the manager girl who just talked to me in order to convince me. It was quite a surreal, and honestly somewhat hilarious scene: I was half naked with a woman sitting on me caressing me, while another woman fully clothed in suit was sitting beside me on the massage bed, talking to me about some deals. When they realized that the sex appeal strategy wouldn't work, they started guilt-tripping me by saying that they woke up early to accommodate for me and that I should feel grateful and pay for the full service. They also insulted me for always thinking about money and being ""boring"" for not knowing how to enjoy myself. At this point I just wanted to get out of there, so I picked up my phone, set the alarm for 1 minute later, and pretended that I was answering an emergency phone call when the alarm rang. I was all in ""fight or flight"" stance and prepared to bail so I fully dressed in no time and dashed out of my room. And then I realized that I had to wait for them to pick up my shoe and let me out because the front door was controlled by them (while it could be opened by hand, I had to use considerable force. Yes I tried to force myself out, I was in that much haste to get out of there).

This whole time I was trapped in a bird's cage. They could have easily asked a couple of their wingmen to blackmail me into paying, and I could do nothing about it. So many other horrible thing could have happened to me. TBH this after-thought bothered me way more than the actual event: I could have lost way more than just money and 2 hours.

Of course after I went back to the hotel and did some research I found out about this common scam that some Chinese ""high-end gentlemen's club"" are pulling in order to squeeze money out of their clients. They used the surface of a high-end club and beautiful girls to lure guys in. The service they promised? They were never gonna happen even if I paid that price.

Thankfully the story had a not so bad ending, as I didn't lose too much thanks to a bit of luck on my side and the incompetence of the girl, who I presume will get some good scolding/ass-whooping from the manager since she failed to scam me lol (a slight feelsgoodman in a bad situation imo). Another small win is that no prostitution actually happened besides a bit of caressing. So yeah I paid $140 and 2 hours for a valuable life lesson: listen to your gut feeling and never let your dick take over your mind.

TL;DR: was thinking with my dick and got scammed by a massage parlor, who kept asking me to pay more for more service. Thankfully I bailed before it's too late and only lost about $140 equivalent and 2 hours of my life."|twact2|True|https://redd.it/ehk3he|9|0.69|0|7|1|tifu
ehse66|2019-12-30 21:24:19|TIFU by revealing to my parents that I am a semi-functioning alcoholic and having to take out a $70,000 loan as a consequence.|"A little exposition: I just finished my first semester of university and am home for the holidays. To put it mildly, this semester sucked. I got mostly C's and gained 12 pounds as well as addictions to alcohol and nicotine. Since I got mostly C's I'm in danger of losing my scholarship which pays for my tuition. My parents have been generous (at least up until this point) to pay for room and board + other fees which totals roughly $20,000. Now, I have blacked out more than a dozen times, been drunk at least three nights a week, smoked a pack every few days, and basically spent every last penny to my name on drugs and alcohol. This was incredibly stupid, but for an honors (university honors) student who didn't really have a social life in high school, and had never touched alcohol, it was awesome. I kind of fucked up by sitting through my chem final drunk after blacking out the night before and I got a C. When I got home, my dad sniffed and asked me why I smelled like stale beer. (For the record, they know I've been hospitalized for excessive alcohol use during the semester, but were unaware that I had done it again and again. They thought it was a solitary mistake.) My parents, displeased by the cumulative results of my semester, decided to blackmail me into opening my phone and handing it over for them to read my texts. They were mortified and screamed at me for several hours, after which they informed me that I would be taking out a loan in order to pay for the rest of my room and board. Tomorrow I'm going to the bank to do so, and I'm freaking out. I never would have chosen to go to this particular college had my parents not assured me that they would cover room and board, while my scholarship payed tuition. I'm fucked for the next decade.
TLDR: Became an alcoholic, parents found out, refused to help with college, now I'm going to be in debt for a decent percentage of my adult life."|Fuuuuuuuuuuuckmylife|False|https://redd.it/ehse66|0|0.54|0|14|1|tifu
eh3vab|2019-12-29 08:57:35|TIFU by accidentally unplugging my fridge before leave for a three week trip to Brazil|"I have never smelt anything so awful. 

Before I travel I usually make sure unplug all the appliances and electronics as a safety measure. It was my first time traveling to south america and I was pretty anxious. Because I was so anxious I was smoking a lot of weed to help try and calm myself down ( I live in Canada where it is legal). I  checked everything one last time before leaving to sleep that night at my boyfriend's place. I unplugged what I thought was the slow cooker. It was actually the fridge. 

There was some meat in the freezer which thawed and leaked into the rest of the fridge. I was gone for THREE WEEKS. It sat in that box at room temp the entire time. After returning home late last night my mom came over early to hear about my trip. She opened the freezer to get some ice and that's when we discovered my mistake.

We both almost passed out and I vomited instantly in my mouth. The liquid that gathered at the bottom of the fridge had grown red and blue mold. It smelled like pure death. I have spent the last 12 hours scrubbing it with bleach. I have scrubbed every inch but it is impossible to get into some of the mechanics in the middle of the fridge. I have made a little progress but it still smells so awful.

I currently have left it with five boxes of baking soda and a few bowls of vinegar to try and kill the smell. As well I am burning odour killing candles non stop. Praying that I will not have to tell my landlord as I am not in a situation where I will be able to pay for a replacement. 

Needless to say I feel incredibly dumb.

TL;DR I unplugged my fridge by accident before leaving for a three week vacation to Brazil. Came home this morning and discovered the rotten meat and resulting smell. Have been trying to clean out the smell all day.


***** UPDATE.

Thank you for all your advice and stories, I truly tried everything I could. I have however accepted my fate and forfeited my damage deposit for a new fridge. Going to go smoke a blunt now and hide from the world for a bit."|Mrleolion|False|https://redd.it/eh3vab|802|0.94|0|213|1|tifu
ehj8ro|2019-12-30 08:03:46|TIFU by telling a woman with brain damage I have short memory loss|"This actually happened last year

So my aunty got married last year, she lived in a different state and I had to fly up to attend. I didn't know anybody there other than my aunty and the family I travelled with.

So anyway at the reception, I was talking to this really nice lady about something or other. Mid sentence she stops to try and recall a detail of the story. She says ""oh I'm sorry, I have short term memory loss"" to which I swiftly reply ""haha thats ok I do too I can never remember anything"". This is where I fucked up. 

Her whole tone changed and she wasn't as nice anymore, and excused herself. I was puzzled at what happened so I asked my aunty. Yup turns out she had a car accident a year prior and suffers from all sorts of memory issues. I thought she was making a fkn joke. I still cringe when I think about this encounter.

Inb4 ""its ok she wont remember it""

Tldr: thought a woman was joking about having short term memory loss and I unknowingly mocked her brain damage."|Scrubz_McDubz|False|https://redd.it/ehj8ro|10|0.93|0|5|1|tifu
ehrwev|2019-12-30 20:49:28|TIFU by uploading my whole phone book to somebody else's phone|"This didn't happen today, in fact it did happen along about one year, but the consequences have started to come to me this week.

So, some time ago I was *very* unhappy with my mobile phone operator. It was expensive, it didn't work inside my house (I live in a fair big urban area, so there are no excuses) and they just kept raising my monthly fee. I decided to switch to a brand new one, which was cheaper, had the contract written by a slightly less cunning demon and, honestly, they couldn't do any worse than the previous one.

The Old Evil Operator had a last trick up its demonic corporate sleeve: in order to keep my phone number, as I have been doing for about a decade, they had to ""release"" it to the new operator. Obviously they made the process as slow and painful as possible, but the new operator decided to give me a temporary phone number. So I just circulated the temporary phone number in my contacts and set my phone to use it. My phone book is stored in the cloud, associated to my phone number. Obviously, my phone was kind enough to set up a new account and upload the contacts. I am also very bad at naming people in my contact list, and usually save them under their first name, using the last name only in case of duplicates. So I have a long list of common names as my phone book. 

When, finally, the Ancient Evil decided to release my number, I switched again, told my contacts to switch number and forgot the temporary one.

Fast forward one year, I start getting angry messages from my first-name-only contacts about weird calls and messages they received. None of those came from my phone, but everybody was sure they came from my phone number. After getting the number I'm supposed to be using, it dawns on me: somebody else must have synced their phone book with mine, using the temporary number, and I must have fucked up their phone book. In my defense, they must be at least as lazy as me.

tl;dr: backed up my phone book in the cloud using a temporary phone number, somebody else got the number and synced the phone book, getting their phone book fucked up and starts calling my family and friends instead of theirs."|teufer|False|https://redd.it/ehrwev|0|0.5|0|0|1|tifu
ehro7x|2019-12-30 20:33:25|TIFU by Believing the wrong person and nearly get an innocent person fired|"Happened a couple weeks ago and I feel awful. 

I ordered a pizza onlime from dominos. I had to do some work so I had a buddy pick it up from the delivery driver. When I came back it had a slice,missing. ive had this happen before with q carryout. So i ask everyone around if they took the slice. Not,gonna be mad if they're truthful. No one says they fucked with my pizza. I believed them. Unfortimately they lied. I called and wanted to know the answer. Delivery lady picked up. Me being stupid. I sent the video of me asking everyone what happened to the support line.

This is where it REALLY got,fucked up. It went to,corporate. Like CEO level. And the delivery driver was innocent and was a part time driver single mom.

I felt so bad and wrong I cant even go to a,dominos again. 
I,cant trust my friends anymore.


TLDR: coworkers stole a slice as a joke. It got out of hand and went to,corporate. Nearly getting someone fired and getting our entire shop yelled at."|Thec00lnerd98|False|https://redd.it/ehro7x|1|0.57|0|3|1|tifu
ehiefi|2019-12-30 06:31:15|TIFU by cooking myself|"I cooked myself.

Yes you read that right. I cooked myself low and slow, like a crock pot. I’m an idiot. And yes this just happened mere minutes ago.

Today we had first row end zone tickets to our football team’s last regular season home game. It was part of my husband’s birthday present from myself. Friends were driving us so we were able to tailgate and party pretty hard today. Maybe too much. But drinking sure helped us feel warmer in the cold December rain! After the game was over and we were unpacking at home, I got the bright idea to save the hot hands packets and put them in the pockets of my onesie to help me warm up. I had spent hours in the 40 degree rain, so this seemed like a perfect idea. DO NOT EVER DO THIS. Such a bad idea!!! 

I didn’t mean to fall asleep, but I clearly needed it so I went with it. That was about 5.5 hours ago. I woke up about 20 minutes ago from having dreams about getting my navel pierced and then having said piercing get caught on things and ripping out. Strange, but I’ve dreamt stranger so I blew it off and went to the bathroom. Then upon taking my onesie off, I saw it. The big, blistery welt, right on the side of my belly. And gosh does it hurt. 

I could easily blame lack of sleep - we got about two hours the night before because we threw a birthday party that went much later than anticipated. But I won’t. I’m just an idiot. Who cooked herself. 

TL;DR - Tailgated hard in the rain, tried to warm up with hot hands packets but fell asleep, said hot hands packets cooked my tummy to a blistery crisp!"|divafrenchie|False|https://redd.it/ehiefi|11|0.79|0|4|1|tifu
eheehx|2019-12-30 00:43:08|TIFU By wearing loose fitting clothes|"On mobile sorry for formatting also sorry for bad grammar 
Tl;DR at the bottom 

So this happened yesterday 

Background info: In the morning some friends drove up from the city lut to the coast to meet me ( I stay at the coast ) so we talking for a bit and decide to go to the beach in the afternoon about 3 o'clock. Cool I go and change putting on my swimming costume. I am kinda shy like that so I always wear a swimming top but mine was torn so I just wore a loose fitting top. Before we leave someone had the idea to phone some of our other friends to meet us at the beach and when we get to the beach guess who is also there my CRUSH

THE FUCK UP

So at the beach we are all swimming everything is great ya know 
After a while the sea gets a bit rough and it's getting a bit late and the city people decide to get going and dumbass me decide to stay for a bit and take a tram home BUT  it was my lucky day or so I thought. My crush says she is also enjoying it and will stay with me and drop me at home on her way back. 
So we swimming the water is great and all of a sudden a huge as wave decides to form so like I've done 1000s of times before the 2 of us dive under the wave but this is so big and I dived to late and gmthe wave knocks me back not much but on top of that all my clothes get dragged of me I emerged naked 

So now I'm trying to put my clothes back on whilst waves are knocking me one way and my crush is laughing at me whilst I'm fully naked 
I was so embarrassed I just ran out took my stuff and left and cried the whole way home 

My crush messaged me a bit later to say it was fine and that I shouldn't be embarrassed I still haven't replied 

TL;DR wore loose fitting clothes to the beach it was knocked of me and my crush saw me naked and after she messaged to say I shouldn't worry about it



EDIT: Thanks so much to everyone commenting that she is into me. I phoned her and asked he out and she said YES I am so excited"|Ramzee24|True|https://redd.it/eheehx|34|0.84|0|28|1|tifu
ehg923|2019-12-30 03:16:07|TIFU with jalapenos|"Legit just happened and currently going on because I am a dumbass!

I bought a dozen jalapenos so I could make bacon wrapped stuffed jalapeno poppers. They were delicious by the way. But I decided I wanted to save the seeds so I could plant them in the spring.

So I scrape them out, spread them on a paper towel to air dry. Wash my hands thoroughly and that's that. Or so I thought. Apparently I didn't wash my hands good enough and I went to rub my eye. Cue instant burning, eye redness and constant tears pouring out of my right eye. Its tolerable enough, but I scrub my hands two more times and use hand sanitizer for added measure.

Well, I thought all was well. I rub both my eyes and what the fuck. Both my eyes become instantly redder, they're on fire and I can't see.  I rush to the bathroom to grab a cold wet cloth to put over my eyes as the waterworks just keep coming. I'm really kicking myself in the ass.  Finally I come out of the room and my dad who's visiting over the holidays gives me that pathetic look and tells me to rinse my eyes out with milk and wash my hands in milk.

So I've been sitting here washing milk over my eyes and soaking my hands in a bowl of milk and I'm almost too terrified to touch anything now.


Tl;dr: I apparently didn't do a good enough job washing my hands after fucking around with jalapenos and scorched my eyes. Next time, I'm using gloves."|jellyfishpopstar|False|https://redd.it/ehg923|18|0.87|0|9|1|tifu
ehq99v|2019-12-30 18:56:38|TIFU by missing my great grand mother's death|"My great grandmother lived two hours away from my immediate family which consists of my grandparents, two sisters, and mother; all of us live together. To show her appreciation for all the positive things she has done and people she had helped in her home city, we planned with tbe church to throw her a surprise party. I was in high school at the time and being the little asshole I was, threw a fit to not have to go so I could have the house to myself. The night of party I get a call from my sister saying that when they surprised my great grandmother that she had a heart attack and went into cardiac arrest which led to her death later that night. I fucked up at the end of the day but not as hard as the rest of my family. Who surpises a 77 year old woman with heart problems?

Tldr; I didn't attend a surprise party my family threw for my grandmother but that very party caused her to have a heart attack and die"|alpacabowlortwoo|False|https://redd.it/ehq99v|1|0.55|0|3|1|tifu
ehhdti|2019-12-30 04:54:51|TIFU by having my recommended contact information a very embarrassing name|"When I first got my iPhone, my older sister thought it would be hilarious to input a ‘funny’ contact name for me so Siri would call me by it. With iPhone’s newer updates, it shares your recommended contact information with other users, this is a very important part of why I fucked up. It all started by my uncle continuously giving me shit for not doing my dishes for two days (I’m home alone and hardly eat anything), so I decided to message him and practically ‘boast’ about cleaning, doing the laundry, and doing the dishes. However, he didn’t have my phone number saved in his phone, so when he got my message late last night, the recommended contact information was shown to him and my aunt insisted it could’ve have been from me, his niece who they think is an angel. I drove over to visit earlier today and my aunt brings up the message to my uncle that was from my number but had a very ‘interesting’ name with it. The name my sister ended up typing out was “Dick Bitch Whole Eating my N**** Nutsack I Busted A Nut In My Pantsand Cried So Hard Birch Diggidick”. My uncle showed me the phone and my recommended contact and it took almost EVERYTHING in me to not lose it and start laughing, but I sat there on the couch, looking extremely confused and wondering ‘how could this possibly be my recommended contact information’. Let’s just say I’ve never been this embarrassed in front of my very proper family, but they totally bought the story of me not knowing how in the world my recommended contact information could’ve possibly been that. 

TLDR: My sister wrote a horrible contact name for me in my iPhone, which then showed up on my uncle’s phone which was mortifying."|Star-Do-Valley|False|https://redd.it/ehhdti|14|0.77|0|3|1|tifu
ehfeh6|2019-12-30 02:04:20|TIFU by posting a photo of my naked boobs on my instagram story for all 2k of my followers to see.|"We probably all have a nightmare of this happening, well—mine came true. I was at my grandma’s about to sit down to Christmas dinner after opening gifts and my boyfriend and I won’t see each other for another 3 weeks. My grandma’s guest bathroom has a killer mirror and I decided to whip my top off and send him a few photos. 

Where does Instagram come into play you may wonder... I like the filters! I like the little butterflies floating around your head, sparkles, etc. I use the app to take them and then just save them to my private photos without posting them. 

Well I had my hands full holding up my dress like a skirt, and I fumble my phone... I feel my finger hit the bottom corner of the screen, and... yep, I see to my FUCKING HORROR I’ve just posted a naked photo of my tits to my story. 

I deleted it quickly as I could, but I know sometimes instagram lags and some people will end up seeing. My boyfriend thought it was the funniest shit of his life. Nobody ever messaged me but I KNOW people had to have seen. 

Learn from my mistakes, instagram filters and nudes require TWO HANDS. Merry Christmas to whoever saw my boobs I guess.

TL;DR — I was trying to send my bf a picture of myself topless using instagram filters and accidentally posted my boobs to the internet."|teacosys|False|https://redd.it/ehfeh6|19|0.85|0|21|1|tifu
ehdpma|2019-12-29 23:50:00|TIFU for trying to catch the bus before it took off|"I can see the bus stop ahead. I can see the people boarding the bus. But that is all in the distance. I am nowhere close to the bus, and if I want to catch it, I have to start hauling ass over there before it takes off and leaves me behind.

Now, of course, I could always wait for the next one to arrive, but the place is cold and I am the type of person who gets impatient. So, I begin to quicken the pace, running toward the bus stop. 

In front of me is a woman. I do not know this woman. She is minding her own business. I assume from the plastic bags that she went shopping. She can hear footsteps approaching her. She turns her head to look over her shoulder. She spots me, a total stranger, running frantically at her.

She is startled. She is scared. She ceases walking and starts running as well. From her perspective, I am a predator chasing his prey and she is trying her hardest to flee, but the weight she carries has caused her to wobble and stumble, as if she were drunk.

The gap between us is closing. She is unable to widen it further. As I am running, I raise one hand to flag down the bus. I believe the driver saw me since the bus never moved from the stop. However, I think the driver mistook the woman as someone also trying to catch the bus, rather than someone trying to get away from a pursuer. 

She must have seen me raise my hand, and I fear she misunderstood that gesture. She thought I was going to grab her, or even strike her, and that is when she began to scream.

She ignored the bus completely and raced right past it, which must have confused the driver. On the other hand, I managed to reach it, and as I tiredly and breathily climbed into the vehicle, there was a noise that attracted our attention.

The woman took a tumble while running and struck the sidewalk hard. I ran out to find her scrabbling on the ground for her belongings. I made an attempt to help collect her stuff, but she swatted me like a fly and began to scream at me, loudly and madly. 

This got the bus driver to come out, followed by a couple of passengers, who were concerned about her sudden distress. She told them I had been chasing her and that I was planning to assault her. 

Luckily, the bus driver and I cleared up the misunderstanding. The woman calmed down, though she does not trust me and is quite apprehensive, but she went on her way afterwards. 

I hope this never happens a second time. I thought about all the different scenarios that could occur if she had stood her ground. She could pepper spray me, kick my ass with karate, etcetera, etcetera.

TL;DR I tried catching a bus and it somehow turned into a chase"||False|https://redd.it/ehdpma|28|0.95|0|5|1|tifu
egwwga|2019-12-28 21:56:40|TIFU by getting caught when having sex at a young age.|"Obligatory AND necessary- this story happened 15 years ago, but until this day it's in my top 3 of my most traumatizing sexual backlashes.

I was 14 at the time and I started dating this equal aged girl I knew from school. 
Things went on for a few months in which we started to experiment and hormones were kicking in hard so at some point we decided to have sex ( way too young, we realised ,but y'know..hormones 😂)
Being from an open-minded European country, at that age we already knew  ''a lot'' about birth control so we decided to buy condoms before engaging in the act, so eventually condoms became the standard.

At some point I got invited to have dinner with my GF her dad and stepmom. So I go over to my GF her house,rang the door, she lets me in and instantly tells me that her dad and stepmom just left to the hospital to visit her aunt so that there's plenty of time to have a bit of ''fun'' first, so we go upstairs to her room and start to '' have fun ''. We do it, and again, and again ( I'm so cringing telling this, especially since I was so young 🤦‍♂️)
After this third time, I asked her: '' when is your dad estimately going to be back so we don't have to get dressed as soon as we hear the door downstairs opening, because it'll be suspicious.. '' at which she replied '' oh idk, I'll text my stepmom to text me when they leave the hospital '' which she does, and we have some more '' fun '' 
..for about 15min, when her dad suddenly knocks on her bedroom door which was luckily locked but it was clear what we were doing because we couldn't open the door for atleast 3min starting to count from the first knock. The knocks became more nervous and he kept yelling to open up the door IMMEDIATELY.

When she opened the door her dad just looked at us and asked to go get dinner with a very '' how do I handle this '' face.
So, we get out of her room, acting all innocent because y'know ''anything could've been happening behind that closed door '' and ''not guilty until proven'' , and we go to the kebab restaurant on the corner of her street for take away.
When waiting in line we start discussing what just happened and what story we were going to make up to cover the fact that we were having sex ( because 14yo and it not being the standard age to be doing this already) and that's when I suddenly go '' WHAT DID YOU DO WITH THE CONDOMS WE USED '' ( cause I just put them next to the bed everytime we finished ) and she replied '' oh don't worry, I threw them in my garbage bin next to my bed while while you were wrestling your pants back on in panic ''
So relieved that she did we walked back to her place agreeing on this story where we just wanted to watch a movie in all privacy ( ikr ) and as soon as we walked in her dad asked us to put our jackets upstairs ( where her room was) because the smell of the kebab would get stuck in our jackets, I didn't really think anything of it since it made sense, because the smell often does.

So we went up, put our jackets there and that's when we saw..4 condoms nicely put next to eachother on her bed.

I remember we just stood there for a full minute just staring at them.
Slowly realising everything that had happened while we were getting the kebab.
There are so many upsetting factors about the condoms being there on the bed,I could see them all flashing in front of my eyes while I was realising the food was downstairs, getting cold and I had only just a few moments before I needed to go eat it in front of her dad and stepmom. And so I did. 

The entire dinner no one spoke but her dad kept staring at me and her. I left as soon as possible once the dinner was finished because the atmosphere just got too awkward.

My gf later texted me that since her dad had jealousy issues he asked the stepmother about the text message when they were in the hospital, when she told him who and what he just immediately drove home, snuck in, and went to my gf bedroom to '' catch us ''..and that he wanted a chat with me the next day.

The chat was okay, just the expected responsibility chat but the entire '' condom reveal '' just damaged the relationship I had with him to the point of no return.

I'm sharing this story now,15 years later, because he recently became a client at this business i'm working for and sit across him at meetings weekly and it constantly triggers the memory of me sitting across him during one of the most awkward dinners of my life, along with wondering if it's the same way for him, that if he's also thinking about the day he took 4 used condoms out of his daughter her garbage bin and put them out on her bed to let her know that he knows that she was having sex.

TLDR: got caught having sex at 14 by my now ex-gf her dad and he made me sit through a very awkward dinner afterwards."|SirWilliam1990|True|https://redd.it/egwwga|3480|0.9|0|288|1|tifu
ehfgww|2019-12-30 02:09:37|TIFU by being both inexperienced and overly-excitable when it comes to soda pop machines.|"As a kid, my parents didn't have the patience to allow my brothers and I much sugar. As a result, pop was a real treat. It was never in the house, beyond my moms gingerale, which was strictly hers unless we were really sick.

With the above in mind, I never really gravitated towards pop as an adult. I'll have the occasional coke with a burger, but that's about it. I usually go between water, coffee, and wine.

Well, my best friend is in town and we decided to go to the movies. We both get pretty giddy when we hang out together and laugh a lot, at a lot of stupid things. 

I'm a single mom so I don't get out much. Hence, I haven't been to the movies in ages.

We get our popcorn and cups for drinks. We're at a new movie theater in the area and they have those fancy digital cococola pop machines where you can mix and match pretty much any type of pop imaginable. 

Well, I guess my inner child was triggered.

It was finally our turn to use these machines, and my friend was excitedly telling me about them, and showing me some of the different flavours and how you can customize it completely. What a time to be alive. I was already pretty overstimulated (ADHD) and stoked on our fun evening out, so... well, honestly, I don't even know what happened.

She got her drink and gave me a taste, and it was dope. I think she mixed some random flavors of cream soda and root beer. I was like damn. This is 2020.

So it's my turn, and it's a weekend over the holidays, and there's a lot of people waiting for their pop. I immediately go for the coke because stick with what you know. But there were SO MANY coke flavours!!! I didn't even know this many different kinds of flavors existed!! So, I might have panicked a little bit. I started filling my cup, and then my friend said ""don't you want ice? You usually put the ice first."" My inexperience was showing.

At this point I was generally overwhelmed. There was a mom with two younger girls behind us who was losing her patience with them, and I definitely wanted ice. I had also chosen the wrong flavour of coke in my panic. Everything was going wrong. 

I impulsively decided to add ice anyway. As my friend was saying ""you know the ice is going to splash you now -"" it started coming out and I freaked and managed to somehow throw the pop backwards at myself. 

THANKFULLY I also managed to dodge majority of it and narrowly missed the group behind me. My friend also jumped, and was wearing rubber boots which got covered in pop. Pretty sure I yelped/screamed. The entire line up at the drink area got quiet for a minute and these two 12 year old girls looked absolutely shocked. I just said to the mom, ""um why don't you guys go ahead because I am having a hard time with this at the moment"" and started laughing so hard that another little boy ran up just to look to see what the fuck was going on.

It was a scene.

And then the mom turned around as she was getting her ice, and she said - obviously just to make me feel better - ""you know, this is a very aggressive ice machine!""

The movie was great and I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. It was fun to act like a 13 year old again for a moment.

TLDR - I got completely overwhelmed by the cutting-edge soda machine at the movie theater and narrowly avoided soaking myself and the people behind me with pop."|pitycat|False|https://redd.it/ehfgww|17|0.88|0|7|1|tifu
ehjw3b|2019-12-30 09:20:10|"TIFU, ruining Christmas, by not asking ""Landscape mode or Portrait mode?"""|"To set the scene: this happened Christmas Eve at my brother's house. 

My mom and stepfather have a row of pictures in their house reserved for wedding photos of their children. I'm the oldest of the four and was the last to get married, finally, a couple of years ago. But while my siblings and stepsibling were all wed in their 20s and had normal ceremonies with professional photographers and the like, I and my wife are both in our 30s and decided to get married at a friend's house, with little fanfare. Nor did we invite a professional photographer. 

So when we provided a photo for the great Hallway of Marital Honor, my mom clucked her tongue a little. ""Well, why don't you just give us a nice photo from a professional photo shoot sometime? I mean, these pictures were just taken in somebody's living room and there's someone's knee in the way of this one you picked..."" K, fine! Not like we were going to rush out to Glamour Shots or anything, but little sighs and comments about the ""missing photo"" for the Hallway had us keeping an eye out for an opportunity to present itself.

It did! A friend starting a photography business needed shots for his website. The gal and I got spiffed up and did a shoot of couples' shots earlier this year. That brings us to Christmas Eve. So the shot we chose was sideways-wise. Horizontal, or Landscape-mode. The gal even asked if I was sure. I figured no big deal! Besides, all the good shots from our shoot were Landscape-mode.

Ha!

I gave my mom the picture early in the evening, before my sister and her family arrived. My mom unwrapped it and then said ""oh, it's sideways!""

Me: (blinks)

Her: ""Tfg46! The other pictures are all... upright! You know!"" Her shoulders slumped.

Me: ""...Portrait mode?""

Her: ""I don't know. I mean... thanks, guys! But... I mean, it'll be fine, we can rearrange the other pictures, but... the others are wedding portraits, they're right side up!..."" ...she trails off as she rotates the frame absently in her hands.

The picture ended up sitting in front of my brother's TV. My sister missed this exchange but noticed it sitting there later when she arrived.

""Oh, that. I ruined Christmas."" I explained the above and suggested she ask our mom about the picture to see what she says.

Five minutes later I look up from my hors d'oeuvres to see my sister trying to catch my eye. My mom is standing in front of her with the picture and is saying ""...but it's sideways! The other ones are right side up...""

There aren't any Portrait-Mode photos from the photo shoot that would pass muster for the Hallway. We're being goobers in most of them, and besides I'm a big guy so I look better in a wide angle shot anyway. We decided we are going to let them move some nails and deal with our black sheep of a photo.

Tl;dr- provided a long-awaited photo to my mom, didn't clarify if it should be Portrait or Landscape mode"|tfg46|False|https://redd.it/ehjw3b|4|0.83|0|8|1|tifu
egsgii|2019-12-28 16:09:42|TIFU Unknowingly Applying to College as a Fictional Race.|So little backstory, to my knowledge  I'm just about a 8th Native American. My parents didn't raise me spiritual or anything but I knew they did have a little shrine they liked to keep some things and whatever it was just part of the house I had friends ask me about and it was nothing crazy. They are also really fond of leathers and animal skins which... Cringe but anyway. When I got old enough I asked my parents what tribe we were and I was told the Yuan-Ti. Now I didnt know anything of it but I did tell my friends in elementary school and whatever and bragged I was close to nature (as you do). So recently I applied to colleges and since you only have to be 1/16 native I thought I had this in the bag. Confirmed with my parents and sent in my applications as 1/8th Yuan-ti tribe.  I found out all these years that is a fictional race of snake people from Dungeons and Dragons. TLDR: since I was a kid my parents told me I was native Yuan-ti but actually they were just nerds and I told everyone I know that I was a fictional snake person.|stplkinatmswn|False|https://redd.it/egsgii|26659|0.95|5|908|1|tifu
ehlq31|2019-12-30 12:55:44|TIFU by fingering myself after eating hot wings... 😩😂|"Humorous post really from the disclaimer of a title. But in all seriousness, no matter how horny you are, don’t make the same mistake I made.

Went out to a Korean Fried Chicken spot for a birthday. We ordered platters of wings and sides and the like. One of the flavors we had chosen was spicy soy garlic wings. And the server had warned us that the wings were really spicy. And they fucking were. 

When the night winds down and we are all home, I find myself browsing Reddit and getting horny from stories, comments on posts, and messages/chats. So naturally, my fingers make their way to my throbbing clit. Regret soon followed. 

I’ve washed my hands after eating and again when we came home, but sufficed to say it was not enough. I was really into fingering myself and I was wondering why it was getting hotter and hotter. Like someone had put Icy Hot or Bengay on my pussy. Then, I remembered hot wings... 

Well there went that session. 

TL;DR : DON’T EAT HOT WINGS THEN FINGER YOURSELF. 😞"|burner0015|False|https://redd.it/ehlq31|2|0.54|0|13|1|tifu
ehe54n|2019-12-30 00:23:41|TIFU my friend's engagement by playing Link's Awakening|"My (24F) friend (24F) and her fiance (26M) just bought a nice fancy condo and were moving in together when I was invited to go over and play. So we sat down on her couch and started a new savefile in Link's Awakening. The fiance's parents were coming over to visit for a few days so I was going to leave when they get here and go home. For some reason the fiance told his parents to come a day later and they stayed at a hotel when they came instead of staying at my friend's condo like originally planned. 

When his mom and his sisters (13F? and 7F?) showed up I just finished the 3rd dungeon in the game. Since his sisters have never played video games in their life we (my friend and I) decided to play some games on switch. The fiance went out with his parents and said they weren't going back to the condo for the night. Since the parents were no longer staying in their condo, I decided to stay the night and continue playing Link's Awakening. 

The next day I got woken up and somehow the fiance's parents called off their engagement, are moving his stuff out of the condo, my friend's parents are here, and apparently me being there playing Link's Awakening was the final straw for the fiance's dad to veto their 5 year long relationship.

I have no idea what the fuck I'm supposed to do in this situation but it's too awkward to leave so I'm still here as my friend's [emotional support clown](https://nypost.com/2019/09/13/man-being-fired-brings-emotional-support-clown-to-meeting/), but instead of party tricks I just sit here playing Link's Awakening.

tl;dr: I went to a friend's house to play Link's Awakening and that was the tipping point for the fiance's dad to call off their engagement after they already bought a condo."|tfw_no_job|False|https://redd.it/ehe54n|19|0.77|0|16|1|tifu
ehd06o|2019-12-29 22:56:19|TIFU by joking about a handjob to my teacher.|"Obligatory on mobile.

A little bit of backstory so i live in Finland where we are obligated to learn english as a secondary language and we start english in 3rd grade so my understanding on some of the more nsfw stuff in english was laking and it has caused more cringe like this until 6th grade so comment if you want more stories like this one.

I was in 5th grade when this happened.
So i was in my english class and we were learning subject names like math and pe and we were joking around friends translating words from english to finnish literally and then translating them back to english so their meaning changed.
And it was all fun and games until i said crafts -> käsityö -> handjob  to my teacher as an innocent joke and then she gave me this weird look/laugh and me being the innocent 5th grader i didn’t understand it and just shook it off until i just remembered it years later and cringed harder than i probably have ever before.

TL;DR Joked about a handjob to my teacher in 5th grade and it caused an akward moment.

Edit: Grammar"|Cee__Cee__|False|https://redd.it/ehd06o|25|0.83|0|6|1|tifu
